Aragon raced up the hill, following the trail of Boromir™'s blood.
  "If I read that sign aright," he said to himself, looking at the large
sign pointing at the summit, with "SUMMIT" in large runes written on it,
"that is the way to the summit."
  He ran up to the summit, not pausing until he reached the top. There he
found the <i>palantir</i>, which was rumoured to have been made by the famed 
Feenamint Industries Plc. itself. Swiftly he inserted a quarter, and placed 
his eye to the eyepiece, and started to point the device at the boats, for he
suspected Frodo would be going there.
  But even as he sought the boats with the device, a great horn blew, and the 
blasts of it smote the hills, just as Mordred violated his parole in once 
doing.
  "Alas! The horn of Boromir™," he said, "Hmm, I suppose I'd better 
make my way down there. Besides, this is just unartistic anyway."
  For although Aragon would be pleased to get Boromir™ out of the way, it 
could be, how shall we put it, inconvenient if he was known to be directly 
responsible.
  Unsheathing his sword, and crying <i>Endurit! Endurit!</i> he ran all the way
down the hill again, and crashed through the trees, to find Boromir™ 
immobile, and lying against a mediocre tree, his cloven horn beside him.
  Aragon knelt beside him and tried to rouse him. But, Boromir™ did not 
move.
  "Yay!", cheered Aragon, his delight undisguised. "Thus passes the heir of
Denethor™, Lord of the Tower of Commerce! One down, two to go!"
  "I heard that!" said Boromir™, slowly.
  "Bother," said Aragon. "But since you're alive, you might as well make
yourself useful. What happened here? What happened to those halflings who 
were supposed to be guarding you?  And more importantly, where is Arwen?"
  "Orcs have taken them," said Boromir™, struggling. "Arwen too, I think,"
he lied, remembering where Aragon's priorities lay.
  "Which way did they go?" asked Aragon.
  "Dunno. I passed out," said Boromir™. "Blood loss, you see."
  Aragon cursed viciously and loudly. Thus it was Lego-lass and Giggly found
him. Giggly had his axe in hand, and Lego-lass her long knife; all her arrows
were spent.
  "Alas!", said Lego-lass, standing well back from Aragon. "I have hunted and
slain-"
  "Oi!", interjected Giggly. "Don't you mean 'we'?"
  "I didn't see you do any slaying, shortarse. Or hunting for that matter."
  "Oh yeah? So why do you think there were so many detached Orc heads around 
the place?"
  "It's quite clear that-"
  Tiring of this, Aragon drew his sword, and waved it around quite 
menacingly. "Can I get some attention round here?... Thank you," he said at 
the sudden and quite expected silence. "Now, Boromir™ here is dead."
  "No I'm not!" objected Boromir™.
  "Yes you are, you'll be stone dead in a minute," said Aragon, kicking
Boromir™ firmly. "Thanks for your concern," he sarcasmed, "but I am Okay,
because I only just got here. But it seems that Arwen has been captured by
the enemy.  We must pursue immediately."
  "But what about the halflings?" asked Lego-lass.
  "They, too, were captured. Alas, we do not know for certain whether the
Ring-bearer is with them, but we must assume the worst."
  "Yes, Frodo was with them," lied Boromir™. "Now will someone help me up?"
  "Come, let us go," said Aragon.
  "Hadn't we better tend to the fallen first?" asked Lego-lass.
  "But we must be swift," said Giggly. "He would not wish us to linger."
  "What I want is to be taken to Minas Tirith™!" declared Boromir™.
  "Very well," said Aragon. Although he did not like the delay, it was, 
perhaps, best to deal with Boromir™. "We will lay you in a boat with your 
weapons and give you to Anduin. Then you shall pass to Disgiliath safely."
  "No I won't!" exclaimed Boromir. "There's a waterfall in the way! It's not
navigable."
  "Ah, but our boats are from Lorien. They are magical, right? Magical boats 
can safely go down waterfalls," blustered Aragon. "Well known fact, that," he
then added.
  "Indeed," said Lego-lass, vaguely suspecting that Aragon did not know the 
truth of his words, but not daring to say.

  They then turned their attention to the fallen Orcs, looking to scavenge
what they could. Lego-lass took all the undamaged arrows she could find,
whilst Giggly collected all the <i>shuriken</i> which had been strangely left under
the orc bodies.
  And Aragon did look upon the slain, and he did say, "I don't recognise the
uniform of these Orcs," for they had shields with the device of a grasping
white hand in the centre of a black field, and on the front of their helmets
they had an S-rune.
  "S is for Sauron," said Giggly. "That's not exactly hard to figure out."
  "Nay, you idiot!" said Lego-lass, "Sauron does not use the Elf-runes, for
he failed to pay the royalties and we got an injunction, which he got round
by using Dwarf-runes, which the Dwerrowsii were only too happy to sell to him-"
  "That's unfair-", shot back Giggly.
  "Nor does he permit his right name to be spelt or spoken," said Aragon. 
"And white is not in his colour-scheme, for it makes it easy to see the dirt.
The Orcs in the service of Barad-dur use the sign of the Bloodshot Eye."
  He pondered a moment. "It's a bit confusing really. I can't think of any 
bad guys whose names start with S apart from Sauron."
  "Shelob?" suggested Giggly.
  "I doubt she'd have an army of Orcs, even if she really does exist. No, I
think what's happened here is a failed attempt at deception. Obviously
these are someone else's forces, perhaps Aruman's, but he wants to decieve
us into thinking they are Sauron's. But because it was done amateurishly,
the deception has failed. Sauron will not be happy if he finds out."

  Later, the remainder of the company dragged Boromir™ to where they
had left the boats, but found only the destroyed remnants of the boats.
  "Alas!" said Aragon. "An ill fate is on us today."
  "Orcs. Must be. No-one else would have destroyed the boats," said Giggly.
  They retrieved what they could find of their baggage, and then fashioned
a crude raft from the boat wreckage. Now, they tied Boromir™ to this, and
made doubly sure the knots were secure, but first taking the precaution of 
knocking him cold. Then, they pushed the raft from the shore out into the 
water and the raft floated south. They watched the raft wane to a dark spot 
against the golden light, and then the screams started.

  "No! You can't do this to me! I'm the Heir to the Stewardship of Gondor™,
you know! I demand you-".
 
  But he was interrupted by the waterfall. The raft vanished downwards. The
River had taken Boromir™ son of Denethor™, and he was out of the way,
at least for the moment.
  "And now, we must follow the Orcs, for they have Arwen," said Aragon. "Oh, 
and the ringbearer," he added.

  It was easy to find the trail of the Orcs, for it was littered with crisp
packets and chewing gum wrappers.
  "No other folk leave such a mess," said Lego-lass. "But the Orcs have
an alliance with the Litter Pickers' Union, who are glad of the extra work."
  "But although they are messy, they are very fast. We shall have to go with
winged speed to catch up," said Aragon, and ran off as fast as he could, with 
Lego-lass and Giggly following.


<i>Merciful Elbereth, is this the end of Little Arwen?</i>
  The annoying but loveable Elven Warrior Princess was travelling
towards Gondor™, but had lost her way in the marshes of Ment-
wash vale. The fog surrounded her from all sides, and with every
step she was in danger of being swallowed by the bog. She had
been forced to abandon all her packings, and her strength was
diminishing quickly. Finally she collapsed on a small isle in the
middle of the marshes. She knew that she could go on no more.
The Marshes of Mentwash vale had defeated her.
  Then an image came to her mind, like a foresight at the moment
of Death; Aragon holding hands with a blond Human-Girl, a tall and
well-equipped one too - with sword and all. And suddenly she felt
her strength returning. She forced herself to rise and cursed in an
ancient, forgotten tongue: <i>Tega me borne rosa!</i>
  With her newly found determination she continued her dangerous
journey, and soon she came across a great stroke of luck, which
no-one could have expected.

  Aragon knew all was lost. He couldn't find the trail of Orcs, and
soon his companions were sure to discover this. After that nobody
would take him seriously ever again.  Who could have guessed
tracking would turn out to be so difficult? But there was nothing to
be done. The hills of Emyn Mail had defeated him.
  But in his most desperate hour, he came across a great stroke of
luck... Well anyway, he was examining the ground, trying to look as
he knew what he was doing, when:
  "Oh, lookie! There are some dead Orcs up ahead," cried Lego-
lass.
  Aragon sprang to his feet and gazed to the direction Lego-lass
was pointing. And lo! Indeed there was a bunch of dead orcs lying
in a pile. He went forward to investigate, and others followed him.
  Five dead orcs lay there, brutally slain, severed limbs and heads
spreaded around them. The ground was wet with their dark blood,
but there was no telling if the blood had been red earlier.
  "What do you think happened here?" said Giggly.
  "It looks like there's been a quarrel among Orcs," said Aragon.
"It's not uncommon among these foul creatures to have flaming
debates about issues like Balrogs wings and it usually ends up to
this. These five are all northern Orcs who claim Balrogs don't have
wings. It appears they lost this round."
  "Serves them right for speaking such nonsense," declared Lego-
lass. Aragon was about to contridict, when Giggly interrupted him.
  "Look!" he cried. " A silver magical belt of Elvish fashion like 
those given to Morrie and Pipsqueak by Galadriel."
  "Hmm, the Orcs must have noticed they are fakes. . ."
  "Wait! There's a note attached to it," said Lego-lass. "It is a
message from the Hobbits. The handwriting looks like of seven-year
old, so I think it's from Pipsqueak. Listen!

                      <i>A Message From The Hobbits

       I am writing to you with the courtesy of the Enemy.
       We are both alive and well.
       We are treated decently.
       Food here is delicious and nourishing.
       The Orcs are peace-loving and friendly folk, and
       their Lord, (S)Aruman only wishes to discuss briefly
       about our attitude toward his Subpoena and other issues.
       After this, we shall be released at proper time.
       DO NOT try to follow us. We're having a good time. Really.
       Be also noted that as it was recently decided, at this place,
       Balrogs DO have w-
       No, I wont write that! You can't make me! No! NO!
       AAAARGGHHHHH!!!!</i>

  Everyone fell silent for a while. Finally Aragon spoke.
  "So, Aruman is behind this as I suspected. Apparently he thinks
his name should be written with S. Old fool!
  "But why doesn't the letter say anything about Arwen or the other
Hobbits? What evil plot is Aruman hatching?"
  "Yes, and why would anyone write AARGGH, instead of saying it?"
  "We won't find out by standing here," said Aragon. "Let us hurry!"

  Fortunately for Aragon the trail was very clearly marked from there
on, and he had no trouble following it to the top of the hills. This was
the border wall of Rohan, where the hills of Emyn Mail ended and
the green plains of Riddlemark stretched below them to the edge
of sight. But Aragon looked to the left, where the Off-White Mountains
stood glimmering in the morning sun.
  "Gondor™! Gondor™!" cried Aragon. "I wish that I could visit
your night-clubs again in Happy-Hour! Alas, not yet can I relax.

            <i>Gondor, Gondor, Gondor!
            It's the country where I liked to be.
            Between the Mountains and Sea,
            So near to Mordor, yet so far from Bree.

            Gondor, Gondor, Gondor!
            Where the Trading Markets are free.
            There's a throne and the Silver Tree,
            And maybe a Crown for Me!</i>

Now let's go before I change my mind!" he said and turned away.
  The ridge upon which they stood went down steeply in front of
them and Aragon was trying to look for the best place to go down,
when a shadow like two wings went pass the sunlight.
  "Look!" cried Lego-lass. "A Balrog! A Balrog is flying above us!
Ai! Ai!- you know the drill."
  "Would you stop that already!" said Aragon. "It was just an Eagle."
  "No, no, it was a Balrog, I'm sure of that!" insisted Lego-lass. "It
had legs and arms and I think it waved at us when it went by. Oh,
this is amazing! To tell you the truth, I've sometimes had doubts
about it, but now I've seen it with my own eyes. A flying Balrog!
Oh, what a glorious day!"
  <i>Oo-kay. Lego-lass has gone bye-bye</i>, thought Aragon. <i>What
an ill fortune, and I'm already depressed</i>.

  After Lego-lass had calmed down they made their way down the
hillside, but halfway down Giggly lost his balance and, trying to 
get support from the others, he sent the whole threesome rolling 
down. And so, with a strange suddenness  they came together on the 
grass of Rohan.
  Lego-lass took a deep breath and exhaled. "Everything looks so
gree-een," she said, blinking her eyes.
  "Now the real Pursuit begins," declared Aragon. "We shall catch
those Orcs, and forever shall our names be remembered among
Elves, Humans and Dwerws. Onward, three Predators!"
  They went in single file, running like hounds on a strong scent of
a poor helpless fox, hunted to the pleasure of rich dimwits. Soon,
however, they had to stop, for they were terribly out of shape and
already exhausted. Only Lego-lass was as perky as ever.
  Aragon breathed heavily. "My lungs are collapsing," he said.
"I really should quit smoking pipeweed."
  "This is a bitter end to all our toil!" said Giggly. "At least I 
hope it is."
  "To toil maybe, but we can always hope that those Orcs run into
some kind of trouble," said Lego-lass. "Look!"
  This time there was more then dozen cruelly mutilated Orc-corpses
on their path. It looked like many were cut down from behind.
  "What do you think, Aragon?" said Lego-lass. "Looks like another
Balrog-debate."
  "Not necessarily," said Aragon. "Orcs have hundreds of undecided
issues to debate and they all can turn into a bloodshed. You know,
with some luck these Orcs may yet flame each other extinct. Anyway,
I think it's clear that we are not going to reach them in time, so from
now on we will take things a little more easily."

  They went on, this time with no rush. Every now and then more Orc-
corpses came their way. Giggly and Lego-lass discovered that
counting dead Orcs aloud seemed to really irritate Aragon. When
they made camp for the night, their bodycount was way over fifty.
  In the middle of the night something mighty queer went on. Aragon
was half-asleep, listening to the voices of Lego-lass and Giggly. The
Elf-Maid was persisting in something and Giggly was rejecting her, but 
his objections sounded less and less convincing. Suddenly Aragon
seemed to realize that someone was crawling next to him. Then he
felt two soft hands touching him gently. Still not sure if he was awake
or dreaming, he tried weakly to struggle against it, but then he heard
a familiar voice whispering softly: "Stop resisting my love, you know
you want it. And this is such a good spot for a Love Scene."
  Aragon wasn't so sure about it, but then he thought, <i>Why not. They
can always edit it out if need be</i>.
  When morning came all was peaceful again. Aragon woke up still
unsure if he had dreamed the whole thing. Then he noticed a curiously 
sticky feeling in his pants, but it was only a melted candy-bar he 
had forgotten in his pocket.

  Everybody seemed strangely quiet that day, as they walked by the
beautiful but empty golf-courses of Rohan. Both Aragon and Giggly
were concentrating on their inner thoughts and were paying only a
little attention to the outside world.
  Giggly was struggling with a major identity crisis. Every now and
then his eyes wandered to the figure of the fair Elf-Maid walking in
front of him. Desperately he tried to fight the thoughts coming to his
mind.
  <i>I am not an Elf-Lover,</i> he kept saying to himself. <i>Am not, am not,
am not! It's just the pressure of the journey getting to me. It's like
being in the sea for many months without a sight of a Lady-Dwarf.
It would happen to anyone! I am just like all others, a healthy
normal Dwarf-Guy, keen on Dwerrow-lasses. That's right, definitely
right. Beard is sexy, beard is sexy, beard is sexy, oh </i>Oolee<i> look
at those legs!</i>
  <i>Who the heck was killing all those Orcs?</i> Aragon was thinking to
himself. <i>Were they really just fighting with themselves? Or was
there a group of Riders attacking them? And who molested me last
night, or was it just a dream?</i> The questions kept bouncing around
his head, until he came up with a most unsuspected answer. <i>Arwen!
What if Boromir had been lying when he said Arwen was captured
too? Maybe she came to the camp later and, thinking they had gone
to Gondor™, followed them. And then she could have found an
Eagle, willing to give her a lift right here! And with her magic boots
she could have moved around fast enough to kill the Orcs and then
to seduce me last night! That's probably what had happened</i>.
  Then he came to his senses and shook his head in despair. It
was simply too farfetched. Not believable at all! Truth was that
Arwen was a helpless prisoner of merciless Orcs without a chance
of escape, and he was equally incapable of helping her. Tears
burned in his eyes, as he walked along without seeing anything.
  Only Lego-lass seemed free of all care, walking with a delicate
grace over the grasslands, singing softly some less-known Elven-
songs about interracial love-affairs.

  Two more days went by this way. Nobody came to Aragon at night-
time, but dead Orcs still kept blocking the path regulaly. Then, on
the fourth day of their "pursuit", a thunderous roar of galloping hoofs
awoke them from their afternoon <i>siesta</i>.
  Aragon yawned and streched himself. "Lego-lass, be a dear and
check out who's coming," he said lazily.
  "Well, there seems to be a group of Riders coming our way," said
the Elf-Maid. "Four scores and seven of them, to be exact. They
are tall, yellow haired humans and their leader is. . . is. . . Oh,
c'mon! This is getting ridiculous!"
  The others sprang to their feet. They gazed at the approaching
horsemen, trying to see what had so upset Lego-lass. Soon it
became obvious to them also.
  The Riders formed a circle around the three companions. Then
the Leader rode forward and halted in front of them.
  "Suprised to see me?" she asked.
  "Not much, Eowynn," said Aragon. "It should have been clear to
everyone that you were not going to settle for being dropped to
second place in the upcoming movie."
  Eowynn, who by the way was a great-looking, six foot tall blonde,
tried to look as innocent as she could.
  "I don't know what you're talking about," she said. "There were
some Orcs running around our courses and they needed to be
taken care of. I only came because my brother Eonerd was busy
trying to get Cable Connection fixed."
  "You mean...?"
  "Just that! Ever since that horse came back from Gandalf, it's
been completely off-line.
  "But enough of that. It seems that somebody went up ahead and
already killed most of the Orcs, so I guess I'll have to settle for you.
Here! You are illegally tresspassing the Green Fields of Rohan®.
Do you have anything to say, before we run you over?"
  Giggly stepped forward. "I have something to say to you, Horse-
Lady," he said and his dark eyes flashed.
  "Well?"
  A short pause...
  "Please don't kill us! <i>Pleeease!</i> I'll do anything! Did you hear?
Anything!"
  Eowynn looked at the Dwarf and shivered. "I think I'll pass that,"
she said. "Prepare to die!"
  "Uh, did I mention that I am Aragon son of Arathon, Elessar the
Elvenstone and the Heir of Isildur?" said Aragon quickly. "If you
should consider letting us go, I could make it worthwhile to you as
soon as I get my Kingdom back."
  "Hmm, let's see if we can work out an agreement," said Eowynn.

  Eowynn dismounted, and she and Aragon walked a little bit away
from the others. Eowynn looked quickly to be sure no-one was close
enough to hear them.
  "Can you get me a Green Card?" she said to Aragon. "As a King,
you can surely pull a few strings and get it arranged."
  "What?!"
  "I wanna move to Gondor™," Eowynn explained. "I don't want
to spend my whole life, living among these bagpipe-playing
rednecks. I am a modern, independent woman and I have other
ambitions beside riding around and tending golf-courses. But I
need the Working-Licence so that I can start my own business in
Gondor™. Can you get me one?"
  "Uh, I'm afraid, that's the one thing not even a King can do. Those
Gondorians™ have strong feelings about immigration. If I tried some-
thing like that, I would have Revolution in my hands within a week."
  "Then there is no hope for me," said Eowynn bitterly. "Sigh.
I might as well ride into battle to seek Death."
  "Well, there is <i>one</i> way, of course," said Aragon. "I could arrange
you a Convenial Marriage with some Gondorian™. Then you'd have
no problem getting the Green Card. But first you have to get your-
self to Gondor™ somehow, and that's not going to be easy."
  "I guess I could do that," said Eowynn after hesitation. "But it has
to be someone with social status. A Lawyer maybe. Or a Doctor."
  "So, it is settled then?" said Aragon.
  Eowynn looked intensely at the man standing in front of her. And
suddenly she could see the great strength and royality that was
concealed inside his bit overweight and slobbish body, like a V six
engine under the hood of a T-model Ford. She took a hold of his
hands, and he felt that she trembled at the touch.
  "Why don't you marry me then?" she said, looking deeply in his
eyes. "And not just for cover-up, for I can see that we were meant
for each other. Come with me to the Edoras-City and we can have
our wedding right away."
  "Eowynn, you are a beautiful and desirable woman," said Aragon
carefully. "Alas, my heart belongs to another! And since she was a
prisoner of those Orcs, we both were pursuing, I must go and seek
her."
  "But your quest is a hopeless one. If she was with the Orcs, when
we surrounded the last of them near the Forest, she was probably
killed and burned with the others. Um, sorry about that..."
  "Nevertheless, I must see it with my own eyes," said Aragon.
  Then something less important came to his mind. "You didn't by
chance happen to find a Ring, did you? A nice golden thing, on a
chain. No, huh? Oh, it was nothing important."
  "I am saddened by this," said Eowynn. "But if this is your choice,
I will accept it. But promise me, that you will come to Edoras-City,
when your quest is over."

  Thus agreeing they parted. As a part of their agreement Eowynn
lent them the three spare horses, but for some reason Lego-
lass and Giggly wanted to ride on a same horse. They took the
third one along anyway, for Arwen and the Hobbits (should they 
find them).
  When the Riders had disappeared from the sight, Giggly and
Lego-lass wanted to know how Aragon had been able to convince
Eowynn to let them go.
  "Well, it wasn't easy," said Aragon modestly. "But when I said to
her that <i>Good and ill have not changed since yesteryear and it's a
man's part to discern them,</i> she was so impressed that she agreed
to everything I suggested."
  This made everybody laugh out loud, as they rode forward in a
bright daylight, and Aragon was happy that he managed to avoid
any further inquires.
  Early that evening, they came to the edge of the forest. They found
the remains of the great burning, and tried searching for the Ring in
the ashes, but found nothing. Also, not a single trace could tell them
if anyone could have escaped from the battlefield, but we must
remember that Aragon was lousy at woodcraft.
  Aragon was heartbroken. <i>Arwen is dead</i>, he thought hopelessly.
<i>And even though she may one day reincarnate in the West, I will
never see her again</i>. It seemed like all the joy and happiness had
left his life, and all that remained was Misery.
  Then he remembered Eowynn. She was a good-looking babe, and
she obviously got the hots for him. Maybe all was not lost after all.
  "Tomorrow we shall ride to Edoras-City," he said to others.
"I have an Indecent Proposal to be made."
  But during the night their horses were stolen or driven away.
Suspicions turned to an Old Man, whom they had seen snooping
around the camp, and whom Aragon had called "Uncle".

Pipsqueak lay in a dark and troubled dream: it seemed that he
could hear his own small annoying voice echoing in black tunnels,
calling "Frodo, Frodo! Gimme that biscuit!" But instead of Frodo
hundreds of hideous, nasty, mean and vicious goblin-faces grinned at
him out of the shadows, displaying bridgework that made him cringe.
Where was Morrie (and his dentist's drill) when you needed him?
   He woke. Cold air blew on his face. He was lying on his back. Evening
was coming and the sky was growing dim. He turned and found that the
dream was little worse than the waking, except that he had shut up. His
wrists, legs and ankles were tied with string. Beside him Morrie lay,
asleep, with a knotted handkerchief over his face to keep the flies
off. All about them sat or stood a great company of goblins.
   Slowly in Pipsqueak's aching head memory pieced itself together and
became separated from dream-shadow. Of course: he and Morrie had run
off into the woods leaving Boromir™ to the goblins; they had run a 
long way screaming – he could not remember how far or how long, his mind
having blanked out that rather embarrassing detail; and then suddenly
they had crashed into the same group of goblins, having described a
perfect circle: they were standing listening to Boromir™ play his horn,
several beating a syncopated rhythm on nearby trees and swaying
appreciatively to the mellow tones. The goblins did not appear to see
him or Morrie until they had drawn their swords and given five of them
Bywater smiles*. Then they yelled and dozens of other goblins had
sprung out of the trees (literally), but they did not wish to fight,
and only tried to stop the hobbits from killing any more by grabbing
hold of them, even when Morrie drew a miniature repeating crossbow from
his waistcoat and started shooting them in certain parts. Good old
Morrie!
   Then Boromir™ finished the jazz number and started playing one of
Schoenberg's lesser-known works: this slew many of them and the rest
fled. But they had not gone very far on the way back when they were
attacked again, by a hundred music critics at least, some of them very
scathing, and they hurled an acid rain of sarcastic reviews: always at
Boromir™. Boromir™ had blown his great horn till the woods rang, and at
first the critics had been deafened and had drawn back; but when no
answer but the echoes came, they knew they had no full orchestra to
contend with and attacked more fiercely than ever. Pipsqueak did not
remember much more. His last memory was of Boromir™ leaning against a
tree, muttering something about them all regretting it when his debut
album was released; then darkness fell suddenly.
   "I suppose I was knocked on the head," he said to himself. "Knowing
Morrie, I doubt he got hurt. What has happened to Boromir™? Why 
didn't the goblins try to kill us? Why am I here? What is
two+two?"
   He could not answer the questions. He felt cold, sick, stupid and
hungry. "I wish Gandalf had never persuaded El Rond to let us come," he
thought. "What good have I been? Just a nuisance: a passenger, a
messenger, a mariner that should have tarried in Arvernien, a piece of
luggage. And now I have been stolen and I am just a piece of luggage
for the goblins. I wonder if I'm insured? I hope Strider or someone
will come and claim us! But ought I to hope for it? Won't he just cash
in on the policy and forget about us? I wish I could think of a less
depressing metaphor!"

   He struggled a little, quite uselessly. Whoever had tied this string
was an expert with ligatures (which made him think of Sam and his
family's skill with rope, something that had proved especially useful
to the Bywater lynch mob when they strung up three Shiriffs who were in
the pay of the Grumbleguts family), and also knew that he was about as
strong as Bree-land lager. One of the goblins sitting near laughed and
said something to Morrie in an abominable accent with ridiculous-
sounding vowels; Morrie chuckled sleepily. "Rest while you can, you
frightful little oik," he said then to Pipsqueak in the Common Speech,
which he still managed to to make almost as bizarre as his own
language. "Rest while you can! We'll find a use for your feeble little
legs before long. You'll wish you had none before we get back to Tower.
Not used to a brisk cross-country run, I expect."
   "If I had my way, you'd wish you were expelled now," said the
other. "I'd make you squeak, you pathetic squib." He stooped over
Pipsqueak, bringing his yellow, uneven fangs close to his face. He wore
a purple tie with a crest on it, and had a cane with a long, whiplike
switch in his hand. "Lie quiet, or I'll tickle you with this," he
hissed. "Don't draw attention to yourself and disturb your betters, or
I may forget my orders. Curse the Guards! Cedríc in glasshouse the
bootless Aruman-tick handman blood..." he passed into a long angry speech
in his own tongue that slowly died away into muttering and snarling.
   Terrified Pipsqueak lay still, though the pain in his head and bladder
was growing and the stones beneath him were boring into his back. To
take his mind off himself he listened intently to all he could hear.
There were many voices round about, and though goblin-speech sounded at
all times full of hate and argot, it seemed plain that something like a
quarrel had begun, and was getting hotter.
   To Pipsqueak's surprise he found that much of the talk was
intelligible; many of the goblins were using ordinary language.
Apparently the members of two or three quite different schools were
present, and they could not understand one another's clique-speech.
There was an angry debate concerning what they were to do now: which
way they were to take and what should be done with the "new boy".
   "There's no time to initiate him properly," said one. "No time for
tradition on this trip."
   "That can't be helped," said another. "But why not enrol him quick,
enrol him now? We're in a hurry. Evening's coming, and we ought to get
a move on if we don't want to lose house points and face the Run."
   "Orders," said a third voice in a deep growl. "Kill all but not the
Halflings; they are to brought back uninitiated as quickly as possible
for extra credit. That's my orders."
   "What are they wanted for?" asked several voices. "Why uninitiated?
Are they good at sport?"
   "Not likely: they look about as promising as Johnson minor. I heard
that one of them has got something, something that's wanted for the
Season, some elvish plot or other. Anyway, they'll both be interviewed."
   "Is that all you know? Why don't we search them and find out? We 
might find something that we could use ourselves: some drinks, or some
weed, or something like that."
   "That is a very interesting remark," sneered a voice, softer than 
the others but more evil. "I may have to report that. The new pupils
are not to be searched or molested: those are my orders."
   "And mine too," said the deep voice. "Alive and as recruited. That's
my orders."
   "Not our orders!" said one of the earlier voices. "We have come all
the way from the Mines to kill, and avenge our shocking loss on points.
I wish to kill, then go up north."
   "Then you can wish again," said the growling voice. "I am Cedríc. I
am the senior prefect. I return to Guard School by the shortest road."
   "Is Aruman the headmaster or the Great Eye?" said the evil voice.
"We should go back at once to Tower."
   "If we could cross the Great River, we might," said another voice.
"But there are not enough of us to venture down to the bridges, and these
new boys won't have got their Swimming colours yet."
   "I came across," said the evil voice. "A winged Nazdaq awaits us
northward at the East Bank; he's just calling in a few of Pater's
debts."
   "Maybe, maybe! Then you'll fly off with the new pupils, and get all
the kudos and house points for Tower, and leave us to hike as best as we
can through the golf-country. No, we must stick together. These lands
are dangerous: full of foul parvenus and new money with no form."
   "Yah, we must stick together," growled Cedríc. "I don't trust you
little Mines House swine. You've no standards outside your own sties.
But for us you'd all have run away. We are the Uruk-Hai prefects! We
destroyed the confidence of the great musician. We recruited the new
boys. We are the pupils of Aruman the Wise, the White Hand Gang. We
came out of Guard House and led you here, and we shall lead you back by
the way we choose. I am Cedríc. I have spoken."
   "You have spoken more than enough, Cedríc," sneered the evil voice.
"I wonder how the masters would like it in Tower. They might think that
Cedríc's neck needed relieving of a prefect tie. They might ask where
his strange ideas come from. Did they come from Aruman, perhaps? Who
does he think he is, setting up on his own with his filthy white House
badges? They might agree with me, with Clarénce their trusted bridge
club secretary; and I Clarénce say this: Aruman is a fool, and a dirty
treacherous fool. But the Head has his Eye on him.
   "Swine, is it? How do you boys like being called swine by the muck-
rakers of a dirty little Chem master?"
   Many loud yells in goblin-argot answered him, and the whispering
swish of canes being brandished. Cautiously Pipsqueak rolled over,
hoping to see what would happen. His guards had gone to join in the fray.
In the twilight he saw a large goblin, probably Cedríc, standing facing
Clarénce, a short crook-legged creature with no chin. Round them were
many smaller goblins. Pipsqueak supposed that these were the ones from
the North. They had drawn their canes and wet towels, but hesitated to
attack Cedríc.
   Cedríc shouted, and a number of goblins of nearly his own size ran up.
Then suddenly, without warning, Cedríc sprang forwards, and with two
swift strokes caned the hands of two of his opponents. Clarénce stepped
aside and vanished into the shadows. The others gave way.
   "Boys, put those canes away or I'll thrash you," snarled Cedríc. "And
let's have no more nonsense! We go straight west from here, and down
the stair. From there to the downs, then along the river to the forest,
then three laps around the playing field. Along the Cadet Training
Course and back to Guard House in time for prep. That clear?"
   The goblins were getting ready to begin the cross-country run 
again, but some of the Northerners were still unwilling, and the Guards
prefects caned two more before the rest were cowed. There was much
confusion. For the moment Pipsqueak was unwatched. His legs were
securely bound, but his arms were only tied about the wrists, and his
legs were in front of him. He could move them both together, though the
bonds were cruelly tight. He tried gnawing through the string, then
remembered the knife that Morrie had convinced him to wear up his
sleeve "just in case". He waved his arms in what he hoped was an
inconspicuous, I've-got-cramp sort of way until the tiny blade worked
loose from its sheath: the edge snicked his arm, and then slid down his
wrist. Pipsqueak whimpered: he hated the sight of blood, particularly
his own, but steeling himself he drew the knot of the wrist-cord up and
down against the blade of the knife. The string was cut! Quickly
Pipsqueak took it in his fingers and knotted it again into a loose
bracelet of two loops and slipped it over his hands. Then he lay very
still.

   "Pick up those new boys!" shouted Cedríc. "Don't play any tricks with
them! If they are not in alive when we get back, it'll be detentions
and the glasshouse all round till someone owns up. Remember the good
name of your House and school."
   A goblin seized Pipsqueak like a sack, tied a horrid brown tie round
his neck, grabbed his arms and forced him into a disgusting green
blazer with gold piping; then it gave him a good kick "for your own
good, you detestable midget" and picked him up by the ears while others
swished canes meaningfully. Morrie yawned, got up and put on the
uniform with every appearance of enthusiasm; the goblins were almost
deferential to him. Pipsqueak looked at Morrie in horror, as he
suddenly realised who must have hit him over the head, and tied those
knowingly mocking knots. Morrie glanced at him, and smirked. Pipsqueak
shut his eyes and slipped back into evil dreams. Most of them involved
Morrie and sharp implements.
   Suddenly he was thrown onto the stony floor again. It was early night,
but the slim moon was already falling westward. They were on the edge
of a cliff that seemed to look out over a sea of pale mist. There was a
sound of water falling nearby.
   "The scouts have come back at last," said a goblin close out hand.
   "What a relief," hissed another, and the sound of water ceased.
   "Well, what did you discover?" growled the voice of Cedríc.
   "We had to destroy a couple of villages to get them, sir, but we've
got enough feather beds for the senior prefects, and breakfast for the
entire cross-country party. All's well now."
   "Now, I daresay. But how long? You fools! You should have kept a few 
of the yokels alive to carry the beds for us. Now we'll just have to
leave them here. Damn you all to hell!"
   "Yes, sir," said the scout.
   A shadow bent over Pipsqueak. It belonged to Cedríc. "Sit up!" said
the prefect. "My bloods are tired of lugging you about. We have got to
climb down, and you must use your legs. Be a man now. No crying, no
slacking, follow the principles that have made Guard House old boys
great. Let's see if you make the grade in one of our smaller tests,
shall we?"
   He cut the string round Pipsqueak's legs and ankles, picked him up 
by his ears and stood him on his feet. Pipsqueak fell down, and Cedríc
dragged him up by his ears again. Morrie laughed. Cedríc thrust a flask
between his teeth and poured some burning liquid down his throat, while
the goblins chanted, "Drink! Drink! Drink! Drink!" Pipsqueak managed to
drain the whole bottle, and the goblins cheered. Cedríc looked
impressed. Pipsqueak felt a hot fierce glow flow through him. The pain
in his legs and ankles vanished. He could stand, although walking in a
straight line proved surprisingly difficult.
   "Where's mine?" Morrie demanded. Cedríc glowered and looked about to
draw his cane, then thought better of it and signalled for another
flask. Morrie looked him in the eye, then unstoppered it and positively
guzzled the contents. The goblins were flabbergasted. "These Halflings
are damned good drinkers, I'll say that for them," one of them
muttered, sipping gingerly at an alcopop.
   Morrie stood up, looking calm and relaxed, as though being proffered
drinks by goblins was nothing out of the ordinary. "Where do we get bed
and breakfast?" he demanded.
   "Do I look like a scout?" Cedríc snapped. "Ask them, it's none of my
business."
   "Suit yourself," Morrie said languidly. "But I don't expect my father
will be very pleased once he hears that I haven't been treated well.
Why, he may even choose to withdraw his generous donation to the Guard
House trust fund…"
   Pipsqueak could hardly believe his ears (which were now throbbing and
approximately three times as big as they had been at the start of
the "cross-country run"). Morrie's father was notoriously tight-fisted
(he was known as Sorrowduck Snatchgold, or "Sorrie" for short) and in
addition had not been seen by anyone outside his family for three
years: Gaffer Gamgee had voiced a commonly-held opinion that "young
master Morrie" had been rather previous in assuming control of the
household, resigning himself to the notion with the phlegmatic
observation that "it won't matter one whit when the Revolution comes,
you mark my words". Yet here was Morrie using his father's alleged
munificence as a bargaining tool with the creatures of the Enemy, and
getting away with it! He watched Cedríc back down with a muttered
apology and a summons to the nearest scout to give "Mister Brandybuck"
all the information he wanted. The scout promised obsequiously
that "you'll get bed and breakfast all right, sir, more than you can
manage."
   "I doubt that," Pipsqueak said out loud, and was caned for speaking
out of turn.

   The party began to descend a narrow ravine leading down into the misty
plain below. Morrie and Pipsqueak, separated by a dozen or more smaller
goblins who were busily toadying up to the new boy who could cheek
Cedríc the Guard blood and get away with it, climbed down with them. At
the bottom they stepped onto grass, and Pipsqueak's heart rose; he
could feel the fine-trimmed green of a golf course of Rohan under his
feet, and he remembered the old story about Bandyknees the Bullshitter
and King Golfball the goblin, drawing confidence from the connexion
with the hobbit who walked off with the first Masters trophy with a
staggering sixty one. He then remembered that the Bullshitter had been lynched
by a distinctly biased crowd, and that Golfball had given his name to
the sport for a very good reason, and suddenly felt a lot colder.
   "Now straight on!" shouted Cedríc. "West and a little north. Follow
Eustáce. Let's trample their precious golf courses a little, that'll be
a good prank, eh boys?"
   "But what are we going to do at sunrise?" some of the northerners
asked.
   "We shall sing the school song, give three cheers for the Headmaster
and Aruman his Deputy, and cane Plowman Minimus for picking his nose
and eating it when he thought no-one was looking," Cedríc replied
promptly; Pipsqueak could see how he had ended up as senior
prefect. "Then go on running. What do you think? Sit on the green and
wait for the nouveaux riches to tee off?"
   "But we can't run in the sunlight; we have allergies, and sick-notes
from our parents."
   "You'll run with me behind you, you loathsome slugs," said
Cedríc. "Allergies? You pathetic frogspawn make me sick, with your
excuses and your weak chests and your heart conditions. No wonder Guard
House has thrashed you in every game of rugger for the last eighteen
seasons. You're not fit to wear those ties, you hear me? Now get out of
my sight. Allergies, my foot!" He raised the aforementioned extremity
and booted the nearest northerner into a bunker. It was then that
Pipsqueak noticed that, like hobbits, the Guards pupils wore no shoes,
and that their feet extruded little studs, and were toeless, being
fitted with steel toecaps instead.

   Then the whole company began to run with the long loping strides of
goblins. They kept no order, thrusting, jostling and cursing; several
goblins got studded in the confusion, and elbows were used without
mercy. This was clearly an important run, as the prefects from each
house went up and down the line, beating those among their fellows who
could not match the pace. Pipsqueak, who was far back in the line
hiding among a group of no-hopers and hoping that Cedríc would not spot
him, gathered that an important trophy was at stake. He could not see
Morrie. He wondered how long he would be able to go on at this pace; he
had had no food since the morning. But at present the goblin-liquor
("ghash-water" as they called it) was still hot in him.
   Every now and again there came into his mind an unbidden vision of the
fat face of Strider bending myopically over a dark trail, and waddling,
waddling behind. More vivid, however, was the image of the gigantic
five-headed hamster waving a sickle and singing "My Balrog lies over
the ocean" out of tune, and he began to sweat profusely and shiver at
the thought of its evil little eyes and its malicious whiskers.

   They had gone only a mile or so from the cliff when the course sloped
down into a wide shallow depression, where the ground was soft and wet:
the goblins busied themselves knocking down the boundary fence. The
dark shapes of the goblins in front grew dim, and several were
swallowed up.
   "Damn it all! Quicksand!" shouted Cedríc from the rear.
   Pipsqueak could stand it no more. If the quicksand did not swallow
him up, the mutant hamster certainly would. He swerved aside to the
right, and fell headfirst into the mist. "Come back here, you snivelling
little toerag!" Cedríc roared.
   Pipsqueak sprang up and ran screaming, divesting himself of his
clothes as he ran.
   "This'll shake that monster off the scent a little!" he reasoned. He
tore off his tie and blazer, then threw away his waistcoat and undid
his silver belt, which began to deliver a tinny rendition of "Happy
birthday to you" in Elvish. He moved to take off his trousers, but long
arms and hard claws seized him and he came to his senses.
   Strangely the goblins refrained from punishing him, and he found
himself regarded with a degree of awe by the northerners; even the
Guards left him alone.
   "I don't know why I did it," he whispered to Morrie, who was now
jogging next to him. "It seemed to make sense at the time."
   "You've got guts, I'll say that for you," Morrie replied. "Either
that or you're even dafter than I thought. Haven't you heard anything
about public schoolboys? Still, I imagine they'll leave you alone for
now. I may make a Took of you yet, cousin!"
   "What do you mean?" Pipsqueak demanded. Morrie smiled, but said
nothing.

   Neither Pipsqueak nor Morrie remembered much of the latter part of
the journey, since they were treated to copious quantities of Ghash-water
by their fellow runners. They veered, and zigzagged, and fell over, but
if they halted or stumbled they were picked up and carried by the
northerners, who had unofficially adopted them. The Guards prefects
scowled, but said nothing. There was still no sign of Clarénce.
   The warmth of the latest flask had gone, and Pipsqueak was sick again.
Suddenly he fell face downwards on the turf. An hour and a half later,
the company noticed he was missing and sent a party back to retrieve
him. Whatever kudos his panicked streaking had won him evaporated; he
was carried in a sack and darkness was about him.
   "I'm suffocating in here!" he yelled, but to no avail.
   Dimly he became aware of voices clamouring: many of the more unfit
goblins were demanding a rest. Cedríc was shouting. He felt himself
flung to the ground, and he lay as he fell, until black dreams took
him. At three in the morning the company was woken by cries of "Clowns
are climbing through the window!" and an irate prefect kicked the sack
until Pipsqueak was silent once more.
   Slowly he came back to the waking world with a bleeding nose and
bruised ribs. Orders were shouted (he heard Morrie bellow "Ten bacon
sandwiches!") and he was tipped out and thrown roughly on the grass.
There he lay for a while, fighting with nausea. His head swam, but from
the heat in his body he guessed that he had been given another draught.
His vision blurred. A scout stooped over him and flung him some bread
with a strange, oddly-coloured circle of meat in the middle. He ate the
sesame seed bun hungrily, but not the meat: he was famished, but not
yet so famished as to eat a hamburger, the flesh of he dared not guess
what creature.
   He sat up and looked about. Morrie was not far away. They were by the
banks of a swift narrow river. Ahead mountains loomed: a tall peak was
catching the first rays of the sun. A dark smudge of forest lay on the
lower slopes before them. There was no sign of any giant hamsters.
   There was much shouting and debating among the goblins; a quarrel
seemed on the point of breaking out again between the northerners and
the Guards. Some were pointing back away south, and some were pointing
eastwards. One was pointing up in the air, but he was caned and
desisted.
   "Very well," said Cedríc. "Leave them to me then! If you want to
throw away what we've come all the way to get, throw it away! I'll look
after it. Let the Uruk-Hai look after it, as usual. If you're afraid of
the Whiteballs, run! Run! There's the forest," he shouted, pointing
ahead. "Get to it! It's your best hope: it's out of bounds. Off you go!
And quick, before I knock a few more teeth in, to put some sense into
the others." No-one appeared to understand the last part, but they said
nothing.
   There was some cursing and scuffling, and then most of the northerners
broke away and dashed off, over a hundred of them, running wildly along
the river towards the mountains and showing more athletic prowess than
they had demonstrated in the entire journey up to that point. The
hobbits were left with the Guard House contingent: a grim dark band,
four score at least of large, muscular, bone-headed jocks with great
canes and short tempers. A few of the larger and bolder northerners
remained with them.
   "Now we'll deal with that little rat Clarénce," said Cedríc; but some
even of his fellow Guards were looking uneasily southwards.
   "I know," growled Cedríc. "The cursed polo-players have got wind of
us. But that's all your fault, Jeffries. You and the other scouts ought
to have your wages docked. But we are the prefects. We'll feast on
horseflesh yet, or something better. Filet mignon would suit me, but I
suppose we'll have to see what's on High Table."
   At that moment Pipsqueak saw why some of the troop had been pointing
eastward. From that direction there now came hoarse cries, and there
was Clarénce again, and at his back a couple of score of others like
him: long-limbed chinless goblins. They had a red eye on their prefect
badges. Cedríc stepped forward to meet them.
   "So you've come back?" he said. "Thought better of it, eh?"
   "I've returned to see that Orders are carried out and the new boys
safe," answered Clarénce.
   "Indeed!" said Cedríc. "Waste of effort. I'll see that orders are
carried out in my prefecture. And what else did you come back for? You
went in a hurry. Did you leave anything behind?"
   "I left a fool," snarled Clarénce. "But there were some stout fellows
with him who were too good to lose, especially if that cricket rematch
against Gundabad hasn't been cancelled. I knew you'd lead them into a
mess. I've come to help them."
   "Splendid!" laughed Cedríc. "But unless you've some guts for a scrap
with the <i>hoi polloi</i> you've taken the wrong way. Tower was your road.
The Whiteballs are coming. What's happened to your precious Nazdaq? Has
he had another mount impounded by the police for speeding? Now, if
you'd brought him along, that might have been useful – if these Nazdaq
are all they make out."
   "<i>Nazdaq, Nazdaq,</i>" said Clarénce, shivering and licking his chops, as
if the word had a foul taste that he savoured painfully. "You speak of
what is deep beyond the reach of your muddy dreams, Cedríc," he
said. "<i>Nazdaq!</i> Ah! All that they make out! One day you'll wish that you
had not said that. Ape!" he snarled fiercely. "You ought to know that
they're the apple of the Great Eye, you numbskull, but you clearly
haven't done your Evil Economic Forces prep yet. But the winged Nazdaq:
not yet, not yet. He won't let them show themselves across the Great
River yet, not before they've got their pilot's licences. They're for
the Season – and other purposes, such as sky-writing."
   "You seem to know a lot," said Cedríc. "More than is good for you, I
guess. Perhaps those in Tower might wonder how, and why, not to mention
who, when, where and what. But in the meantime the Uruk-Hai of Guard
House can do the dirty work, as usual. Don't stand slavering there! For
heaven's sake get a handkerchief or something. You make me feel quite
faint. The other swine are legging it to the forest, and you'd better
follow. You wouldn't get back to the Great River alive. Right off the
mark! Now! I'll be on your heels, and that," he stamped on a small
rock, which shattered completely, "will hurt."

   The Guards seized Pipsqueak and Morrie, much to the indignation of the
latter, who shouted something about his father. Then the troop started
off. Hour after hour they ran, slinging the hobbits from one carrier to
another, while others tried to tackle them. "No point wasting time that
can be used for rugger practice," Cedríc boomed. The Guards gradually
passed through the Tower party, and soon they were gaining on the
northerners as well. The forest began to draw nearer.
   Pipsqueak was bruised, torn, hung over and miserable. "Is this what all
public schools are like?" he thought to himself. His father had put his
name down for Dunharrow-on-the-Hill, but Pipsqueak had run away when he
found out. Morrie, of course, had been to Wood Eaton; Pipsqueak
supposed that he had learned his unquenchable self-confidence and
brutal habits there. Much good was it doing him now, though, being
thrown from one set of iron hands to another. This brought Pipsqueak
some consolation, until a penalty was declared and he was kicked fifty
yards through the air and bounced a further fifteen.

   In the afternoon Cedríc's troop overtook the northerners. They were
sneezing in the rays of the bright sun; their heads were down and their
tongues were lolling out. One of them was searching for his antihistamine
spray.
   "Maggots!" jeered the Guards. "You're cooked. The Whiteballs will
catch you and kill you. They're coming!"
   A cry from Clarénce showed that this was not mere jest. Horsemen,
riding very swiftly, had indeed been sighted: still far behind but
gaining on the goblins. They were waving polo mallets in the air.
   The Guards began to run with a redoubled pace that astonished
Pipsqueak, a terrific spurt it seemed for the end of a race. Then he
saw that the sun was sinking; shadows reached over the land. The Tower
contingent lifted their heads and also began to put on speed. The
forest was dark and close. The land was beginning to slope upwards, but
the goblins did not halt. Both Cedríc and Clarénce shouted, spurring
them on to a last effort.

   "They will make it yet. They will escape," thought Pipsqueak in
typically optimistic mood. Then his latest carrier managed to twist his
neck, so that he ended up (in severe pain) glancing back over his
shoulder. He saw that the riders away eastward were already level with
the goblins, galloping over the plain. The sunset gilded their riding
helmets and mallets. They were hemming the goblins in, preventing them
from scattering, and driving them along the line of the river.
He wondered very much what kind of folk they were. He wished now that
he had learned more at Rivendell, or indeed anywhere at all, and looked
more at maps and books and things; but in those days the plans for the
journey seemed to be in more competent hands, namely those of everyone
else, and he had never reckoned with being cut off from Gandalf, or
from Strider, or Frodo, or Boromir™, or... All that he could remember
about Rohan was that it was called Rohan. All things considered, that
was not very much help. But better than nothing, as far as it went.
   "But how will they know that we are not goblins?" he thought, looking
at Morrie's wicked and sly face, and the uniform that they had once
more forced him to wear. "I don't suppose they've ever heard of hobbits
down here, and if they have they probably want to kill us anyway
because of our criminal network. I suppose I should be glad that the
beastly goblins look like being destroyed, but that isn't really much
consolation is it?"
   A few of the riders appeared to be golfers, judging from the squires
riding beside them bearing club-filled bags. Riding swiftly into range
and then dismounting, they hit volleys of white balls (Pipsqueak was
strangely relieved when he made the connexion) and the goblins that
straggled behind, coughing and wheezing. Several of them fell, although
given their level of fitness they were probably having heart attacks;
then the riders wheeled out of range of the answering ink-pellets and
paper aeroplanes of their enemies, who aimed wildly, not daring to
halt. This happened many times, and on one occasion balls fell among
the Guards. One of them, just in front of Pipsqueak, got hit in the
temple and did not get up again.

   Night came down without the riders closing in for battle. Many
goblins had fallen, but fully two hundred remained. In the early darkness
the goblins came to a hillock, but did not know whether to eat it or talk
to it, and so left it alone. The eaves of the forest were very near,
probably no more than three furlongs away, but Pipsqueak didn't know
how long a furlong was, so that wasn't very helpful. The horsemen had
encircled them. A small band disobeyed Cedríc's command, and began
playing a vigorous march, until they were caned into submission.
   "Well, here we are," sneered Clarénce. "Fine leadership! I hope the
great Cedríc will lead us out again."
   "Put those halflings down!" ordered Cedríc, taking no notice of
Clarénce. "You, Eustáce, get two others and stand guard over them!
They're not to be killed unless the filthy Whiteballs break through.
Understand? As long as I'm alive, I want 'em. But they're not to cry
out, and they're not to be rescued. We were entrusted to being the new
boys back to Guard House, and that's what we're going to do, whether
they like it or not. Bind their legs!"
   The last part of the order was carried out mercilessly. But Pipsqueak
found that for the first time he was close to Morrie. The goblins were
making a great deal of noise, shouting and swishing their canes, and
the hobbits managed to whisper together for a while.
   "Get your hands off my neck!" Morrie croaked. "I'll have you dumped
in the swamp with concrete shoes."
   "Hobbits don't wear shoes!" Pipsqueak replied instinctively.
   "A concrete waistcoat, then. Leave off!"
   Pipsqueak let go. Morrie coughed for a while, then hissed: "What did
you expect? Look out for number one is my motto. They said they were
there to recruit us into their school, and they seemed to think that
tying you up was an appropriate initiation ritual. That's public
schoolboys for you. Anyway, I need to get to Isengard quickly, and this
seemed like a good idea."
   "Isengard? Are you mad?"
   "On the contrary, Isengard is the only reason I joined this stupid
expedition in the first place. Do I look like the altruistic type? Do
me a favour. Remember when my cousins Norbert and Clovis were found in
the Woody End riddled with holes? That was Sackville-Baggins work.
Young Lotho is getting some new kind of weapon shipped in from Isengard
in return for some high-quality weed, and I need to close it down
before we lose our investments in the Southfarthing completely."
   "You are mad. You've travelled halfway across the continent, just to
shut down a weapons smuggling operation? Well anyway, that's all very
well, but why am I here?"
   Just then, however, a savage kick warned Pipsqueak that the noise had
died down, and the Guards were watchful.

   The night was cold and still. All round the knoll on which the goblins
were gathered little watch-fires sprang up, golden-red in the darkness,
a complete ring of them.
   "There is nothing between me and the wheel of fire," Pipsqueak thought.
They were within a long bowshot, but the goblins had no longbows. The
riders made no sound. Later in the night when the moon came out of the
mist, then they could occasionally be seen.
   "They'll wait for the Sun, curse them!" growled one of the Guards.
"Why don't we get together and charge through? What's old Cedríc think
he's doing, I should like to know?"
   "I daresay you would," snarled Cedríc stepping up from behind.
"Meaning I don't think at all, eh? That's five hours' detention for you,
Harrison. You're just as bad as the other rabble: the maggots and the
apes of Tower. No good trying to charge with them: they'd just squeal
and bolt, and there are more than enough of these filthy middle-class
fools to mop up our lot on the flat. Still, there's one thing these
fine fellows don't know: Mauríce and his lads are in the forest, and
they should turn up any time now."
   Cedríc's words were apparently enough to satisfy the Guards; but the
other goblins were both dispirited and rebellious. They posted a few
watchers, but most of them lay on the ground, resting in the pleasant
darkness. It did indeed become very dark: the fires brought no light to
the hillock, whatever it was. The riders were not, however, content
merely to wait for the dawn and let their enemies rest. A sudden outcry
on the east side of the knoll showed that something was wrong. It
seemed that some of the men had riden in close, slipped off their
horses, crawled to the edge of the camp and beaten several goblins to
death with their one-irons before fading away again. Cedríc dashed off
to stop a stampede.
   Pipsqueak and Morrie sat up. The Guards had gone with Cedríc. But if
the hobbits had any thought of escape it was soon dashed. A long hairy
arm took each of them by the neck and drew them close together, Dimly
they were aware of Clarénce's great head and hideous lack of chin
between them. He began to paw them and feel them. Pipsqueak shuddered
as hard cold fingers groped down his front.
   "Well, my little ones!" said Clarénce in a soft whisper. "Enjoying
your nice rest? Or not? A little awkwardly placed, perhaps; canes and
towels on one side, and nasty mallets on the other! Little people should
not meddle in affairs that are too big for them." His fingers continued to
grope. There was a light like a pale but hot fire behind his eyes.
   The thought came suddenly into Pipsqueak's mind, as if caught direct
from the urgent thought of the enemy: "Clarénce knows about the Ring!
He's looking for it, while Cedríc is busy: he probably wants it for
himself. Good heavens, I hope that's what he's after." Cold fear was in
Pipsqueak's heart, yet at the same time he was wondering what use he
could make of Clarénce's desire.
   "I don't think you will find it that way," he whispered. "It isn't
easy to find."
   "Find it?" said Clarénce: his fingers stopped crawling, much to
Pipsqueak's relief, and gripped his shoulder. "Find what? What are you
talking about, little one?"
   "For a moment Pipsqueak was silent. Then suddenly in the darkness he
made a noise in his throat: <i>saddam, saddam</i>. "Nothing, my precious," he
added, for good measure.
   The hobbits felt Clarénce's fingers twitch. "O ho!" hissed the goblin
softly. "So that's what he means, is it? Very ve-ry dangerous, my
little ones."
   "Perhaps," said Morrie, now alert and aware of Pipsqueak's guess.
"Perhaps, and not only for us. Still you know your own business best.
Do you want it, or not? And what you give for it?"
   "Do I want it? Do I want it?" said Clarénce as if puzzled; but his
arms were trembling. "What would I give for it? What do you mean?"
   "We mean," said Pipsqueak, choosing his words carefully, "that it's
no good groping in the dark. We could save you time and trouble. But you
must untie our legs first, or we'll do nothing and tell all."
   "My dear tender little fools," hissed Clarénce, "everything you have,
and everything you know, will be got out of you in due time:
everything! You'll wish there was more you could do to satisfy the
Questioner, indeed you will: quite soon. We shan't hurry the
experience. Oh dear no! What do you think you've been kept alive for?
My dear little fellows, please believe me when I say that it was not
out of kindness; that's not even one of Cedríc's faults."
   "I find it quite easy to believe," said Morrie. "But you haven't got
your prey home yet. And it doesn't seem to be going your way, whatever
happens. If we come to Guard House, it won't be Clarénce that benefits:
Aruman will take all the pupils he can find if it'll help him pay the
rent. If you want anything for yourself, now's the time to do a deal."
   Clarénce began to lose his temper. The name of Aruman seemed
specially to enrage him. Time was passing and the disturbance was dying
down. Cedríc or the Guards might return at any minute. "Have you got
it - either of you?" he snarled.
   "<i>Saddam, saddam!</i>" said Pipsqueak.
   "Untie our legs!" said Morrie.
   They felt the goblin's arms trembling wildly. "Curse you, you filthy
little vermin!" he hissed. "Untie your legs? I'll untie every string in
your bodies. Do you think I can't search you to the bones? Search you!
I'll cut you both to quivering shreds. I don't need the help of your
legs to get you away – and have you all to myself!"
   "Wait!" shouted Pipsqueak. "Don't you want our help in finding the
Ring?"
   "<i>Ring</i>?? What on earth are you talking about, you pathetic shrimp?"
Clarénce snapped.
   Pipsqueak was suddenly much, much more afraid.

   Suddenly he seized them. He tucked them one under each armpit and
crushed them fiercely to his sides. Then he sprang forward, stooping
low. Quickly and silently he went, till he came to the edge of the
knoll. There, choosing a gap between the watchers, he passed like an
evil shadow out into the night, down the slope and away westward
towards the river that flowed out of the forest. In that direction
there was a wide open space with only one fire.
   After going a dozen yards he halted, peering and listening. Nothing
could be seen or heard. He crept slowly on. Then he stood up, as if to
risk a sudden dash. At that very moment the dark form of a rider loomed
up in front of him. "Nazdaq!" he shouted in surprise and alarm. It was
his undoing. A polo mallet whistled through the air and dealt him a
sharp crack on the skull. He gave a hideous shivering cry and lay still.
The hobbits remained flat on the ground, too afraid to move.

   At last Morrie stirred and whispered softly: "I don't even want to
know what he was up to, but now we've got some sort of chance! But how
are we to avoid being walloped?"
   The answer came almost immediately. From the yells and screeches that
were coming from the knoll they guessed that their disappearance had
been discovered. Then suddenly the answering cries of goblin-voices
came from the right, outside the circle of watch-fires. Mauríce had
apparently arrived and was attacking the besiegers with heavy-duty
riding crops and several cats o' nine tails. The riders were drawing in
their ring close round the knoll so as to prevent any sortie, while a
company rode off to deal with the newcomers. Suddenly Morrie and
Pipsqueak realised that without moving they were now outside the
circle: there was nothing between them and escape.
   "Now," said Morrie, "if only we had our legs and hands free, we 
might get away."
   "I was going to tell you: I've managed to free my hands. These loops
are only left for show." Pipsqueak tugged at the string, only to find
that he had just unwittingly made the knot fast. Morrie said a word,
then pulled a stiletto from his heel ("Don't ask," he warned his
astonished cousin) and cut the bonds.
   The hobbits then sat and ate two or three Twinkies, until Morrie
realised how stupid that was and gestured for Pipsqueak to get a move
on.
   They crawled. The turf was deep and yielding, but it was a long
slow business. They reached the edge if the river, then looked back.
The sounds had died away. Evidently Mauríce and his lads had been
killed or driven off. Already the night was old. In the east the sky
was beginning to grow pale.
   "We must get under cover," said Pipsqueak, "or we shall be seen. 
It won't be any comfort to us if the riders only find out we aren't
goblins when we're dead. I could stagger on now. What about you,
Morrie?"
   Morrie got up. "Yes," he said. "I can manage it. Twinkies do put
heart into you; it must be all the life-enhancing E-numbers and
preservatives. Damn, I have such a hangover. I need a drink."
   They turned and walked side by side slowly along the line of the
river. "You seem to have been doing well for yourself, Master Took,"
said Morrie. "You aren't a total moron after all! Your father will be
pleased."
   Pipsqueak looked puzzled.
   "Do you not yet understand, Paragraph Took? Your father paid me a
handsome sum to train you up to become a decent criminal mastermind
like the rest of your family. I thought he was throwing his money away,
but it looks as though you may shape up yet.
   "But Cousin Brandybuck is going in front now, because for all that
you still have absolutely no idea where we are, do you? That's what you
get for not getting a decent education. We are walking along the Entwash;
in front of us is Fangorn Forest."
   "Lead on, Moribund!" said Pipsqueak. "If you have any idea where you're
going, which I doubt."
   "I am going to Isengard, as I told you," Morrie snapped. "Now shut up
if you don't want a dagger in your guts. We can take a short-cut through
the forest. Just don't do anything stupid."
   "I won't," said Pipsqueak, lighting a cigarette and throwing the lit
match away.

   The two of them made their way into the forest under the huge branches.
They looked back across the river, and with the dawn the riders charged,
waving their mallets, and launching a rain of golf-balls.
   "That's what you get if you trample on the pride and golf courses of
the aspiring middle class," Morrie observed. "The highest echelon of
goblin society has had it: Sam would be ecstatic." He shuddered, and
turned away.
   So it was that they did not see the last stand, when Cedríc was
overtaken and brought to bay at the very edge of Fangorn. There he was
slain at last by Eowynn, who dismounted and beat him repeatedly in the
head with a sand wedge.
   Then when they had laid their fallen comrades in a mound, the riders
made a great fire and scattered the ashes of their enemies. So ended
the longest cross-country run in the history of public schooling, and
no news of it came ever back either to Tower or to Guard House.

   "Hey, look at this!" Morrie shouted. He pointed at a goblin that
looked as though it had been trampled to death by a pair of very large
and very heavy feet. Next to it was a violin-case. Morrie picked it up.
   "It suits you," remarked Pipsqueak, not knowing what else to say.
   Morrie grinned. He stood silent for a moment, then observed, "Didn't
those goblins seem a bit stiff, or scratchy, to you?"
   "I don't know any more than you do about that," said Pipsqueak
innocently. "After all, you were the one who went to a public school."
   "What are you implying?" Morrie demanded querulously.
   They disappeared into the forest.


  * <i>The Bywater Smile</i> - Shire slang for an expertly slit throat, not 
       to be confused with the <i>Tuckborough grin,</i> which under optimum
       conditions required a corkscrew, an ell of twine and three enraged pigs,
       or the <i>Scary grimace,</i> which was a particularly unnerving expression. In
       the past Morrie had crafted some great smiles. These were not up to his
       usual standard, but still effective.</font>

Along the stream the hobbits walked, west and up towards the
slopes, deeper and deeper into Fungang. As their fear of the Orcs
dwindled they started paying attention to their surroundings, and
suddenly, simultaneously, they discovered something truly remarkable:
many of the "trees" were lamp-posts!  There they stood, scattered
among the trees as though they be planted there as naturally as any
beech or birch!  Some of them were lit with a flicker of gas-flame or
a cobweb-covered lightbulb. The hobbits were positively flummoxed.
   As the initial surprise subsided, the ever practical Morrie started
laying plans for an import business of streetlamps into the Shire. He
mentioned this to Pipsqueak.
   "Won't be profitable in itself, I think," replied Pipsqueak. "Too
many places where they <b>like</b> the dark, except for the occasional
bonfire. But as a cover for our more rewarding businesses it'd be
perfect."  Morrie's regard for Pipsqueak went up considerably at this
display of first-rate criminal thinking. From about one and
one-half to two on a
scale from zero to one hundred ---
   "Let's have a toast to that," said Morrie. "I need a drink
anyroad."  <i>Sweet Eru I need a drink</i>. Head still throbbing, he
clambered onto a tree-root that wound into the stream and, pretending
to drink from the swirling water, had a swig, and another swig, from a
bottle that he had swiped from the dying body of Clárence. He did not
suspect that an equally-unsuspecting Pipsqueak did precisely the same
on another tree-root.
   Returning to firm ground, a little unsteadily (Clárence had been a
<b>big</b> drinker), they at once fell to the topic of food. "Well, we
have our Twinkies," said Morrie. They looked at their dwindling
supplies. About fifty packages, between them. "Won't last till
tomorrow noon," commented Pipsqueak.
   Just then they became aware of an orange light that had appeared
further into the wood, north and a little west. "Lookit that," said
Morrie. "Could it be a fast food joint turning on their advertising
billboard or something?"

   They began to walk towards the orange light. A few steps into the
wood Pipsqueak suddenly stopped. Then he laughed. There lay a huge
suit of armour, leaning against a tree. The tie still bound around
its neck, mousy brown on closer inspection, proved it to have belonged
to an orc. Pipsqueak put the armour on, or rather, climbed into it.
Being slim and trim for a hobbit, he managed to squeeze his waist down
through the yawning neck-hole. He laughed again, his head sticking up
like an apple showing over the rim of a barrel. Morrie smiled
condescendingly.
   "What's that pin on the tie?" he asked. "Looks like a small white
hand-shaped badge or something. This belong to one of Cedríc's boys?
Get <b>out</b> of that ironmongery, we've no time to play house now!"
Pipsqueak sighed and tipped the top of the armour off with a heave and
a clatter, and they went on.

   After a short hike through this strange forest of metal and wood,
they came to a small cliff. Up it went a flight of broad, well-laid
stairs, though cracked now with age and partly covered by lichen. At
the top of the stairs there was just a platform with a brown iron
fence and a rock wall, and an especially large lamp-post. It shone
with a glaring sodium light, bright even under the morning sun. The
hobbits, broad culinary tastes though they have, felt hungrier than
ever: they could not eat a lamp-post of iron and glass. Not even
they. They started climbing the stairs for a look-around.
   Standing beneath the lamp-post, and somehow not daring to touch it,
they looked over the forest and the plain beyond. Three sets of
coin-operated binoculars were there, but centuries of random vandalism
had left them smashed and useless, lying on the mossy stone flags.
The pedestals, curiously, were gone. The hobbits had no coins with
which they could have used the binocs at any rate, though for Morrie
this would have presented only a small problem.
   They stared for a while, but the absence of fast food joints,
restaurants, supermarkets, cattle herds (Pipsqueak declared that he
alone could eat a cow raw, if Morrie would bring it down - which he
knew that his cousin could), or any other food source soon brought
their spirits lower than ever. "<i>Helvites druttforpilte eplefitse,</i>"
Morrie swore in the obscure crime-patois he often fell into when
agitated. Pipsqueak squirmed at the mention of apple. "And I almost
liked this forest!"

   "Almost liked the Forest!  That's good!  That's uncommonly good of
you," said a strange voice, "especially considering that uncommonly
ugly mood you seem to be in. Turn round and let me see your faces. I
almost feel like squishing you like snails in the garden, but snails
make such a yucky mess on the floor inside afterwards. I can never
scrape them entirely off my feet, those stupid slimy tubes of jello.
Turn round!"  A large hand, reminding Pipsqueak of the metal skeleton
of the Terminator's hand in Terminator I, grabbed each of them by the
shoulder, and they were spun five hundred forty degrees faster than one of
Pipsqueak's tops. Then two large arms lifted them, somewhat more
gently. Suddenly gaping down from what seemed almost high enough for
bungee-jumping did little to settle their fear. They felt a tingling
in the soles of their feet.
   They found themselves looking at a most extraordinary face, if face
it was. It belonged to a tall and thin figure, easily fourteen feet,
though the legs were very short and thick. The face was at least four
times as long as it was broad, and at first glance it consisted simply
of glass, out of which the bright orange glare seared. Beneath it was
a beard like a steel brush. Whether the creature was clad in green
tights like Robin Hood or some ecological Rudolf Nureyev, or that was
just green paint, was hard to tell.
   As the hobbits squinted and looked closer, the outline of a mouth
as a crack in the glass and a pair of eyes behind it became evident.
The eyes regarded them with a glitter of suspicion, though not, to the
hobbits' minds, with any active malice.
   "<i>Hrum, Hoom,</i>" murmured the creature, and then spat a gob of slime
off the edge of the cliff. "Very odd!  The more haste the less speed,
that is my motto. Good for <b>you</b> that I heard your voices before I
saw you. You look like those detestable brats from the public
schools, the Orcs. But you don't sound like them, with your accents.
<i>Eplefitse</i> indeed!"  Morrie thanked his lucky stars for having
retained his syndicate sociolect even through his schooldays.
   Pipsqueak had found himself transfixed by that glare, like a rabbit
illuminated at night by an approaching car. He had bared his front
teeth. Now the light subsided, and he could think again.
   "Please, sir," he said, "who are you?  And what are you?"
   An amused look came into the eyes deep within the glass. "<i>Hrum</i>,
now," the apparition cleared its throat in answer, "I am a Ment.
<i>The</i> Ment, you might say. Guardians of the lamp-posts in this forest.
Fungang is my name according to some. In Westron that becomes
Steelbeard."
   "<i>Ironbeard,</i>" whispered Morrie to Pipsqueak.
   "But what's a Ment?" asked Pipsqueak. "Where do you come from?
You look like a walking talking lamp-post to <i>me</i>."  Morrie pinched
him viciously in the side, but Pipsqueak was too used to that to even
notice.
   "Yes," replied the Ment, "well, hroom, my first memory is of a
singing lion that walked through this forest. Excellent baritone.
Wide range, too. That answers the <i>where</i>, I suppose. And then a
cold-eyed, tall woman who fled towards the mountains. Jadis, I
believe her name was. Queen Berúthiel to others."  The Ment's voice
became dark and sullen. "<b>Not</b> related to that Galadriel at all, no
matter what silly newspapers say!"
   "A singing <i>lion</i>??" gaped Morrie.
   "Yes, I know it sounds absolutely ridiculous," replied the tall
streetlamp solemnly, its sodium glare oscillating slowly with inner
thought. "Perhaps I remember incorrectly. It is a long time ago, and
I was just awakened, for the first time."  Then he cleared his throat
again.
   "What about <i>you</i>?" he continued. "Who are you?  I have never seen
the likes of you. You look like excessively overweight midget-men.
You do not seem to fit into the old lists."  The hobbits glared, but
the Ment took no notice. "But perhaps they have made new lists.
Let's see.

        <i>Gabble by rote now the Gits and Rascals!
        First name the four, the funny peoples:
        Snobs above all, the snickering Elves;
        Dwarf the dealer, deep is his wallet;
        Ment the Mighty, best and blessed;
        Man the mocker, master of commerce;</i>

   Hm, hm, hm,

        <i>Pig gives pork, prawns are tasty;
        Fish are fishy, foxes tasty;
        Giraffes are grand, goats are tasty;</i>

   Hm, hm, hm. Repetitive, those old lists ---

        <i>Cats are cuddly, cows give milk;
        Rats are rodents, roaches icky;
        Enormous elephant, ents are tree-like...</i>

   Hm, hoom, it was a long list altogether. But you don't fit in it
anywhere."
   "Good," murmured Morrie to himself. To Morrie's family, obscurity
until the knife was poised for the plunge had been a survival trait
for generations. But Pipsqueak remained true to himself:
   "Why not make a new line?  <i>Healthy hobbits, hale hole-dwellers</i>.
Put us just above the Elves and you have it!"  Again he failed to
notice the Pinch of Morrie.
   "Hm, not bad," said Steelbeard. "So you live in holes, eh?  All
riiight. We'll put you in right after the Ments, perhaps. And your
names, please?"
   Morrie remained silent. Taught and re-taught by experience, he
kept his fingers still, though twitching:
   "Yes, yes, I'm Paragraph Took, Pipsqueak to most..."
   "<i>Pip<b>kin</b> to some...</i>"
   "...and my companion is Moribund Brandybuck. But people just call
him Morrie. Or just Moe. We live in the country of The Shire,
<i>Whôzat</i> in Westron, it's in what used to be Arnor, Arthurdame to be
more precise (you know, there was this king with a round table, and
his wife, and...), west of Bree, but east of the Tower Hills..."
   As he drew a deep breath to continue, Morrie asked hurriedly: "But
surely you must be tired of holding us up like this. How about, um,
inviting us home?  You have stood here some time, I guess. You must
be, um, hungry too. Speaking of which, we are maybe a little peckish
or something ourselves..."
   "Well I'm <b>starving</b>!" exclaimed Pipsqueak. "I could eat an
elephant raw, <b>two</b> of them if they were properly cooked ---"

   The old Ment put the two hobbits on what passed for his shoulders,
a sort of narrow collar of iron, and strode down the stairs. Once he
reached the forest floor, he began striding westwards and up, further
and further into the woods. At first he seemed to shake violently,
and Morrie, thinking he recognised the signs, nursed some hopes of
pushing his Vala dust to Steelbeard. Then the hobbits looked down,
and saw that his short legs beat a pace faster than those of a running
toddler.
   Straight through the forest he strode, passing many lamp-posts on
his way. Some of these never budged. Others lit up briefly in
greeting as he passed, while a few raised their hand and said "Howdy".
As for the trees, if they were small enough and in his path, he
smashed them aside in a shower of budding leaves and scented yellowish
splinters. Morrie immediately ceased thinking of that Fungang
lamp-post import business.
   Breakfast-time passed into brunch-time. Brunch-time passed into
lunch-time. Lunch-time passed into noon-meal. Noon-meal passed into
two-o'clock morsel, which passed into dinner-time and then dessert
time, and second-dinner-time and second-dessert time. Not until
supper-time did Steelbeard appear to slow down his pace. High upon
the foothills of Mt. Themattress, where the young Mentwash chattered
noisily in a stony bed (reminding the hobbits of yet another bodily
function which must be attended to), Steelbeard turned away from the
stream and ascended a steep grassy slope.
   Suddenly the hobbits saw a dark opening. Tall lamp-posts stood
there, forming an aisle of lights which lit up progressively as the
Ment approached. The hobbits were impressed, until they saw the
remote control in Steelbeard's hand. He strode into the aisle, which
stood between the upward-sloping walls of a gorge. The lamp-posts
also grew progressively taller as he walked further in.
   The gorge ended abruptly in a wall with a shallow cave at the
bottom. Down the face of the wall came a small stream that had
escaped from the springs of the Mentwash above. It formed a spray
like a falling bead-curtain before the mouth of the cave and filled a
basin and from there flowed in a channel along the aisle, until it
rejoined the Mentwash below the slope behind. Behind the watery
curtain there stood a stone table and a low bed. Fifteen feet long.
Next to the bed was a box of large lightbulbs, presumably for the
aisle of lamps. There was no other furniture.

   "There," said Steelbeard. "I have brought you seventy thousand
Ment-strides, each of which is about one meter in your measurement.
This," pointing at the chattering channel beneath the basin, "is my
urinal. You may pass water there. Not into the collecting channels
above the basin, or I'll rip your spines out of your bodies!"  The
hobbits, put on the floor, quickly availed themselves of the offer
with many an <i>aah</i> and <i>about time</i>.
   "Where do we pass hraka?" Morrie asked.
   "Um, hroom, Ments never eat."  (The hearts of the hobbits made a
panicky dash into their toes.)  "We drink only. So we never, whatcha
call it, pass <i>hraka</i>?"
   Then he strode over to the table, upon which stood several stone
jars. Three of these he filled from one of the channels that ran into
the basin, and sprinkled something into them. Immediately they began
to glow with a light like many blended neonlights, and go slightly
"gloop gloop". The largest of these he set before himself, and the
two smaller he gave to the hobbits. These jars were almost as tall as
the hobbits themselves, and they had to climb onto them and dip their
mouths into the water.

   <i>"Whhy, Eru allmatey, thisshis --- sgoods Farmer Maggiss
secretess --- t! --- sheeeketessht mmushroomsh concocshon ooh --- I
gottagottagotta have shommme more ---"</i>

   The drink was actually like pure spring-water, except for the
bubbles and the lightshow. But then the hobbits felt a tingling in
their feet, and the effect rose steadily through every limb, until it
reached their heads, and then Oh God!  Suddenly they felt as vigorous
as they had ever done. Indeed the hobbits felt that the hair on their
heads was actually standing up, waving and curling and growing, and
then falling off. The entirely bald Steelbeard saw no problem with
this, and indeed it seemed the only adverse side-effect of the
Ment-brew. After some time, the psychedelic effect began to wear off.
   One effect of the brew was to take permanent effect, though.
Forever after the two hobbits would walk with their feet two inches
above the ground. It was the last they would ever feel of stone or
short-mown grass beneath their feet, unless weighed down with a heavy
load. Even Farmer Maggot's secret mushrooms had succeeded only in
causing this effect temporarily.

   "You still haven't told me what you are doing in my country," said
Steelbeard, now lying on the bed, or rather, bobbing a few inches
above it. "There's quite a lot I should like to know, about the Orcs
who were just clobbered outside my forest, about Gandalf (who owes me
a tidy sum, let me tell you, but otherwise he's quite a fine guy,
always has a large bottle in his hat), about that Aruman or whatever
his name is nowadays, and are Galadriel and Arwen as sensuous as they
say..."  For a moment the two hobbits remained quiet. Then Morrie
spoke, Pipsqueak for once having the sense to bottle up.
   "We come, ash you...shorry, as you know, from <i>Whôzat</i>. We left
with another hobbit and his servant..."  And so Morrie continued,
until he had covered as much of the story as he felt fit to tell.
This left quite some gaping holes in his tale, but Steelbeard, though
listening intently and putting several questions, didn't push him.
   "Hm, this is a bundle of news," said Steelbeard at last. "Though
you have hardly told me all that you know, not by a long shot.
Keeping a lot from me, I believe."  He looked at Morrie with a
searching eye. Morrie stared back with practised blankness. "But no
doubt you are doing exactly as Gandalf would wish. Good lads!"
Pipsqueak beamed; Morrie scowled behind his face. Sam would have
busied himself making dynamite bombs in his mind, had he been there.
"By paint and glass, but this is a strange business: up sprout an
unknown people, though they may not sprout very tall; and the
forgotten Nazdaq Riders rise up to pursue them, and Gandalf takes them
out scouting, and El Rond fills them with margarita until it comes out
of their ears, and Galadriel shows them her favours, both of them (is
she <b>really</b> such a babe as they say?), and Arwen accompanies them (is
she <b>really</b> such a leather-and-lash victrix as I've heard?), and Orcs
try to initiate them, and Sauron and Aruman both hunt them with legal
forms: indeed they seem to be caught up in the Mother of all legal
hassles. I hope they weather it!"
   "No legal hassles are too complicated to solve with a few Bywater
Grins," replied Morrie, with a calm assurance based on experience and
generations of family history. "But what about yourself?  What's your
relationship with Aruman?"
   "Hocch, not too good, not too good," was Steelbeard's reply. "He
began his career as one of the Good Guys, you know. Always a flask in
the hat. Together with Gandalf he was the best damn wizard that ever
came out of Roke since Sparrowhawk, whose true name was Ged. Used to
be Archmage too. Some jolly booze-ups we had, Aruman, Gandy and
myself. But he has been tight-fisted with his spirits lately. And he
has started a school for boys down at Isengard, if you'll believe it.
Well, you do, of course. His pupils are all Orcs: always up to
mischief. Wandering around in the outskirts of my forest!  Full of
pranks, too. They'd cut down a tree and leave it to rot as soon as
look at it. No harm in that, of course, but they do the same to the
lamp-posts!  Pull them down with ropes, carry them off to be remelted
in the forges of Isengard. That's what they need the trees for.
Smashing the glass with slingshots, just for fun. Sniffing the gas
from the gas-lamps ---
   "I think I know what he is up to. He is plotting to become a
Corporation, or the manager of one. He has some kind of arms-for-weed
trade with some obscure rat-country up north ---" the hobbits scowled
"--- and he is using those detestable pupils as cheap labour, bloody
scabs. And he's up to worse. It is the mark of evil things that came
in the Great Darkness that they cannot abide grassy lawns, especially
during the sunlit hours: they positively blossom with allergies, but
Aruman's pupils can endure them even if they hate them. I wonder what
he has done. Are they Celebrity Journalists he has ruined with his
bribes, or has he blended the races of Corporate Lawyers and
Literature Critics?  That would be, well, an amusing prank come to
think of it.
   "I have to put a stop to this!  I have been idle too long!  Sod that
bastard!"  Morrie beamed.
   Steelbeard raised himself from his bed with a jerk, stood up, and
thumped his hand on the table. It broke in two with a loud <i>crack</i>
and a clatter of stone jars. The two vessels that the hobbits had
drunk from trembled and sent up two jets of flame, which scorched the
ceiling and then caused them to rocket out of the cave, much to the
consternation of the hobbits. Steelbeard took no notice.
   "I will stop it!" he boomed. "You'll be welcome to hang around
here until I come back."  The hobbits, who knew that even the best
mushroom liquor could not make up for lack of solid food, politely
offered to come along rather, if he would have them; Morrie thought of
possible rich looting in the ruins of Isengard.
   "Suit yourselves, midgets," shrugged Steelbeard. "But whatever you
hope to accomplish is beyond me."

   The next morning the hobbits woke to find a cool sun shining into
the Ment-house. Steelbeard was not to be seen, and that was a
blessing: his sodium glare had kept them awake most of the night. As
they were done washing themselves in the basin and just about to start
searching for whatever powder Steelbeard had put into those jars the
day before, they heard him returning.
   "Hoo boy!  Good morning, Morrie and Pipsqueak!" he said to them.
"You sleep long!"
   "Not as long as you think," murmured Morrie with a
yawn.
   "I have been many hundred Ment-strides already," Steelbeard
continued. "Now we will have a drink, and go to Mentmoot."
   He poured them out two stone bowls of water, and sprinkled
something into them. Immediately the lightshow (difficult to see now,
in the morning sun) and the "gloop gloop" started; but they were
different colours from the evening before, and the water less
psychedelic and more sustaining, more food-like so to say. The
hobbits were reminded of the brownies made from old "Belladonna"
Took's famous recipe, which had earned her her nickname. While they
drank, Steelbeard stood impatiently tapping his toes.
   "Where is Mentmoot," Pipsqueak ventured to ask.
   "Hoo, hocch?  Mentmoot?  It's not a place, it's a gathering of
Ments. Just wait until you see the blended light of half a hundred
agitated Ments --- though it doesn't often happen nowadays. But I
have managed to twist a fair number of arms this morning. We shall
meet in the place where we have always met: Darndingle Men call it. I
know precisely why: they always go 'darn darn darn' and cover their
eyes on those rare occurrences when they come across a Mentmoot
there." He chuckled. "It is away south from here. We must be there
before noon."
   "Um, you wouldn't happen to have some sun-glasses fit for us?"
asked Pipsqueak.

   Steelbeard made no reply. He lifted them up onto his shoulders and
at once set off. At the entrance to the court he kicked one of the
spent and sooty jars aside and turned right. At once he started
humming to himself. Or so it seemed for quite a while to the hobbits.
They caught no proper words, but rather things like "<i>Boom doom boom
doom crack boodoom rumboom boom</i>". Then they noticed the large drum
he was carrying, beating on it with his large hands as he walked; and
of course the occasional crack of a young tree being splintered out of
the Ment's way.
   During a pause in the Ment's drumming, Pipsqueak said: "I found a
suit of Orc-armour just before we met you, down by the river. It
seemed to have belonged to one of Aruman's boys, you know, Cedríc's
crowd. Do you know what it was doing there?'  Steelbeard made no
reply, but immediately resumed drumming. Morrie was not too deep in
thought to notice this.
   They had been going for a long while - Pipsqueak had tried to keep
count of the "ment-strides", but had lost count before ten - when
Steelbeard began to slacken his heron's pace. Suddenly he stopped,
and raising his hands to his mouth let out a great call. <b>Hoom hoom!</b>
The hobbits went ringing deaf for several minutes, and failed to hear
the answering calls in the distance.
   At once he resumed walking, now and then sending out another
horn-call; the hobbits covered their ears each time. As their hearing
returned, they noticed the answering hollers, progressively louder and
nearer. In this way they came at last to what looked like an
impenetrable wall of dark evergreen trees, trees of a kind that the
hobbits did not recognize, which didn't rule out a lot of tree-kinds:
they branched out right from the roots, and were densely clad in dark
glossy leaves like thornless holly, and they bore many stiff upright
flower-spikes with large shining olive-coloured buds.
   Most of the trees in this hedge were of one size and height, but
some of them were younger and smaller. Steelbeard strode straight
ahead, smashing through the hedge without slackening his pace and
ignoring the opening not far to his left. Fortunately he had the
forethought of lifting the hobbits up above his head; otherwise they
would have been horribly scratched or even impaled on the
flower-spikes. Once inside the hedge the hobbits found themselves on
the lip of a bowl-shaped dingle in the land. Already a number of
Ments were standing in the bottom (<i>"Hey, Steelbeard, why cantcher
leave the bloody 'edge undamaged just for once?"</i>), and an equal
number were striding down the slope, having come through openings in
the north, east and west.
   As they drew near the hobbits gazed at the Ments. They had
expected to see a number of creatures as much like Steelbeard as one
hobbit is like another; and they were very much surprised to see
nothing of the kind. The Ments were as different from each other as
one lamp-post is from another (duh!): some small, quaint, with little
gas-lights in them and made of brass, some large lamps like the ones
lining roads, on aluminium poles, some like bill-boards with a host of
many-coloured little lightbulbs and cheery, well-illuminated
exhortations to eat at Durin's Last Stand (Over one hundred
forty Served), some like
wooden telephone poles with lamps affixed to them, some (the tallest
Ments) like the floodlights illuminating sports fields. These stood
and moved like something out of Jurassic Park, and Pipsqueak giggled
in a way that would have done Giggly the Dverg honour. Yet as they
came close, the hobbits saw that they were of the same kind as
Steelbeard, and all had the same eyes (ie. the same <i>kind</i> of eyes,
not sharing a single pair between them or something): not all so old
and so deep, but with the same slow, steady, thoughtful expression
(almost zombie-like, until one saw the awareness within those wells),
and their voices were much like his.
   And yes, they lit up with a light strong and bright enough almost
to flash-cook the hobbits, who would have gone blind had they not
covered their eyes with their arms. Steelbeard put them down and
presented them, cowering two inches above the turf, to the other
Ments, and then they took their leave as fast as they could. A few
seconds later they sat panting shoulder-deep in a little pool in the
stream that ran into the dingle, removing their scorched outer
garments.
   "Oh Eru, not only have we gone bald as palantíri (whatever they
are; it's Gandalf's expression), but it looks like we have got a
flash-tan now to make us look like, um, some of those minorities ---"
   "Yes," replied Morrie. "I didn't know what the Ments could do to
Isengard. I believe it is encircled by a ring of stone, like a tall
castle-wall. But those Ments look like they could <b>melt</b> their way
through. I wish I could take some of them home to melt some of those
SoB's," meaning the Sackville-Bagginses.

   The hobbits went in search of berries and fruits, realizing after a
few hours that fruits and berries, ripe or unripe, are not plentiful
in early spring. Then Pipsqueak set some snares for rabbits instead,
having saved the ropes that the Orcs had tied them with, and splitting
them lengthwise into strings fit for a rabbit's neck. Having a dozen
Twinkies while they waited, they listened to the conclave in the
dingle behind the hedge. Steelbeard's horn-calls and drum had made
them expect a similar music from the Ments; but instead they found
themselves listening to violins and their larger cousins, to guitars
(electric and unplugged), flutes, several percussion sets, various
brass instruments, and at least two pianos and an organ. The music of
the Mentmoot was rather pleasant to the ears, and happily not as loud
as the Ment-light was bright.
   Possibly the rabbits of Themattress thought the same, for an hour
later the hobbits had three coneys (and the traps set again), and a
bright fire ready to roast them. Morrie's several concealed daggers
were ample to skin and prepare them, and his regard for Pipsqueak
increased to at least four on that scale from zero to one hundred. As they caught
two more coneys while eating the other three, to four and a
half or so. He even
began to feel pleased that he had failed to lose his squeaky-voiced
cousin in Moira.

   As they were belching after the fifth rabbit and picking their
teeth with their finger-nails, they heard the orchestra in the dingle
becoming quiet. Then they saw Steelbeard striding towards them in
that gait which never failed to amuse them; and with him came another
Ment.
   "Hm, hroom, hocch, here I am again," said Steelbeard. "Are you
getting weary, or feeling impatient, hmm, eh, eh, eh, nudge, nudge,
knowwhatImean?  Well, I am afraid that you must keep your spirits up a
while more. Here's some of my secret powder to help you to do that.
Just a single grain of it in a cupful of water seems enough for
<b>you</b>."  He handed them a little plastic bag each with some
many-coloured powder in them. The hobbits beamed as if they were
Ments themselves.
   "Also I have brought you a companion. We have still much to
discuss, but Bregalad here says that he has already made up his mind
and needs not remain at the Moot. Hm, he is the nearest thing among
us to a hasty Ment. You ought to get on together. Good-bye."
Steelbeard turned and left them.
   Bregalad stood a while surveying the hobbits solemnly, or so it
seemed to them, until they saw his feet a few inches above the turf.
He was a tall Ment, and seemed to be one of the younger ones. His
face was a single white lamp upon an aluminium pole. He held a large
cello-case in his hand.
   As his feet reached the turf again, he began slowly to focus on the
hobbits. Then he spoke. "Ha hmm, my frien's, less go --- go --- for
a walk. Home."  He paused for a few minutes, and then, starting to
walk, spoke more clearly.
   "My name is Bregalad, that is Quickbeam in your language. That's
just a nickname, of course. I have been called that ever since I said
yes to and elder Ment more than a week before he finished his
question. Also I drink quickly, and sober up before most of them
begin to levitate. Speaking of which, you seem to be high enough
right now."  Morrie quickly explained how they had remained a few
inches above the ground even after the concoction had otherwise worn
off. "And mighty useful too if it lasts," commented Pipsqueak, "next
time he bolts through the forest with a posse of Sackville-Bagginses
trying to track him!"
   Quickbeam's Ment-house was nearby. It consisted only of a few
lamp-posts surrounding a well in a bank. His cello-case he stored in
the vault. After depositing it, Quickbeam filled a large bottle with
water and added some dust from the bag that Pipsqueak had received,
and the rest of that day they spent very pleasantly, passing the
bottle between them as they walked through the landscape laughing.
   For Quickbeam laughed a lot. But then again, so did the hobbits,
floating serenely hand in hand with Quickbeam above the grass. They
laughed at every gust of wind, they laughed when they saw a flower;
they rolled with laughter at the sight of an early fly. The hobbits
even forgot to catch more rabbits and eat. But Quickbeam laughed the
most.
   And whenever he passed a tall lamp-post like himself, he raised his
arms and laughed warmly at it. And these lamp-posts invariably shone
forth, raising their right hand and saying "Howdy".
   At nightfall he brought them back to his house, and they spent a
few hours sitting behind the desks like tellers without any money to
count (to Morrie's disappointment), listening to the music from the
nearby Darndingle, and also to Quickbeam's stories, for they had
emptied the bottle and refrained from refilling it. From Quickbeam
they learnt that he belonged to Bignarc's people, and his country had
been ravaged. That seemed to the hobbits quite enough to explain his
"hastiness", at least in the matter of Orcs.
   "There were streetlamps there, tall streetlamps that took root when
I was young, on the old ground where an ancient aluminium plant stood
millennia ago. They lit up the forest with their light, and
boyscouts, and the rescue workers coming to save them, were glad of
their light. But then the boyscouts began carrying their own torches,
and the Forest Service was disbanded, leaving the boyscouts to starve
and die and rot. And then Orcs came with ropes, and some came with
bulldozers, and they uprooted and overturned the streetlamps, and they
carried them to Isengard, to be turned into badges and dinner-plates,
pots and, well, new lamps of Aruman's fashioning. And I walked the
dead pastures, and I called their beautiful names, but they answered
not, and they were gone. They were gone. They lay dead in Isengard.

   <i>O Tarasilë, Celeb-Aglar, Ivunaurië
   O streetlamp tall, I heard your call, so beautiful a sound
   I saw your bright and lovely light, it round around me wound
   Lamp-post slender, movements tender, joy before my eyes
   O Lofty Shine, a light so fine, a mind so kind and wise
   Silver Glory, how your story ended in despair
   O Alu-Flame of lasting fame, you are no longer here
   O Tarasilë, Celeb-Aglar, Ivunaurië</i>"

   So lamenting in many tongues the fall of aluminium-wrought
lamp-posts whom he had loved, Quickbeam sang himself to sleep. The
two hobbits stifled a few yawns and dozed off rather quickly too.

   The next day they spent in Quickbeam's house, or near it, for it
had gotten colder. Pipsqueak set a few snares, and caught a few
rabbits, though fewer than the day before. He and Morrie ate the last
of their Twinkies, and those and three coneys were far from enough to
sate their hunger properly; but a pinch of Steelbeard's dust in a few
bottles of water kept their spirits up despite this. And all day the
music came from the Mentmoot, sometimes hardly audible, at other times
rising to a great and quickening chorus.
   The second night passed, and still the Ments kept awake and
discussing. Then the third day of the Moot dawned. Pipsqueak set his
snares, but rabbits were warier now, and they had to share one, and a
small one at that. It was Pipsqueak who had the snares, but Morrie
had the knives and the absolute lack of scruples, and so he had the
largest share: Pipsqueak was left gnawing half a foreleg and another
grudge.
   As the day wore on, the sound from the dingle grew more and more
quiet. Quickbeam listened intently, but did not respond to
Pipsqueak's queries. Near sunset the Moot suddenly grew absolutely
quiet. A few minutes passed in dead silence, and then suddenly came a
great ringing shout from many voices: <i>Hoom raah, room haah, glug
glug, hand over that bottle, haah hoom, soomma summaroom!</i>  With that
more than fifty Ments came striding up from the dingle, without
bending a blade of the grass which grew a few inches below their big
feet. Then the Ments struck a marching tune. Quickbeam said nothing,
but hurried in to fetch his cello.

   <i>We come, we come with mighty fun: ta-runda runda runda run!</i>

   The Ments came near to Quickbeam's house, singing louder and
louder. They had all their instruments with them, and they were
playing them. How the Ment with the organ managed to play it while
marching cannot be described; you must just trust the narrator on
this.

   <i>We come with fiddle, horn and drum: ta-rûna rûna rûna rum!</i>

   Quickbeam picked up the hobbits and strode from his house.

   Before long he met the column of Ments, two abreast, Steelbeard at
their head, laughing and vigorously beating his drum. Quickbeam
quickly swung into the line beside Steelbeard, pushing the Ment
already there aside. He put the hobbits onto Steelbeard's shoulders
and started playing his cello, smaller to his hands than a violin to a
human.
   "Hoom, hom!  Here we come with a boom, here we come at last!"
called Steelbeard, nearly rupturing the eardrums of the hobbits
perched next to his mouth. "Come with the Moot!  Are <b>we</b> gonna kick
some serious ass!  Off to Isengard!"
   "To Isengard!" the Ments slurred in many voices.
   "To Isengard!

   <i>To Isengard!  The Iron-hard is ringed and barred by wizard's might
   We do not care: let him beware: he'll get his share: we'll take our right
   The man who marred, be he on guard: he will be tarred and feathered down
   When we come there we'll get in gear: he will feel fear and look a clown!
   We Ments are best: our final jest shall be a fest of splintered wall
   With voice of doom and rolling boom, and hocch and hoom and Jericho-call!</i>

   So they sang, increasingly steadily as the concoction wore off on
their march southwards. The hobbits stuffed their ears with
pocket-lint and used Twinkie-wrappers thoughtfully saved for the
purpose.

   The Ments, even when they ceased hovering and walked directly on
the ground, marched with great speed. From the dingle they descended
into a deep fold of the land, breaking aside any of the few trees that
might be standing in the way. Now they walked in silence, except for
the occasional crack of living wood, spilling the rising sap of early
spring in fragrant showers. As they ascended the long slope,
Pipsqueak looked back. In the failing daylight he at first thought
that he must be seeing things, but the many points of light could not
long be mistaken: the fifty-odd Ments from the Moot had grown to
thousands of lamp-posts striding, each of them shining with one or
more bright points of light. There were many colours, though
predominantly white or whitish yellow. They looked like a marching
city at night. Aruman must surely see that as soon as they reached
the top of the incline, unless they put out their lights!
   Then the hobbits sighed with relief. Just as they were about to
pour over the top of the last ridge before Nan Curunír, the Ments and
the lamp-posts, one by one as they came within direct sight of the
great stone ring and the tower within it, turned off their lights.
Now they stood in the early darkness of night on the high slopes above
the Wizard's Vale.
   "Night lies over Isengard," said Steelbeard, and passed round a
bottle that went "gloop gloop".


"Damn, it's cold!" chortled Giggly, doing a very odd version of the Macarena.
Day had finally come.... well, sort of... they thought it was day... it was so
cloudy that they couldn't see five feet in front of them (except for Lego-lass,
who could see perfectly in lowlight and detect secret passageways, to boot).
But they had slept a good four hours and were ready to start looking for
hobbit-prints again.
       "And don't forget that old man!" said Giggly. "I should be happier if he left
a few prints behind."
       "Why would that make you happy?" said Legolas.
       "Ummmm..... I dunno."
       "It doesn't really matter anyway. Aragon only LOOKs like he knows what he's
doing. AND it was an evil wraith-like-thingy that looks like Aruman and doesn't
LEAVE footprints. Saruman is at LEAST high-experience technocracy mage. Maybe a
thaumaturgist, actually, but I'm not so sure."
       "A thauma-whatza?"
       Aragon spoke from the ground, where he indeed looked like he knew what he was
doing. "Thaumaturgists. Freaky undead who make your blood boil. Ex-wizards.
Love to study."
       "Make your blood boil? Well, I should say!"
       Lego-lass got them back on track. "So... any IDEAS, Aragon? About the horses,
I mean, not the Thaumaturgists. Where did they GO?"
       "Wherever they went they sure sounded happy. But I can't read the riddle
without a Wits + Animal Ken die pool of at least seven, re-roll
tenss or not."
Lego-lass gave a small <i>hmph</i>. "So we look first and guess later! How bout we
search the bodies? You and Giggly go over there--" here he motioned to a place
far off to the east "--and look for clues. I'll continue over here." One last
glare from Lego-lass and the two were off. Aragon smirked to himself. He then
turned to the woods behind him. "It's all right. You can come out now, My
Morningstar!"

       For some time, the companions---- <i>[<b>*******</b> all questionable moments have been
censored for lack of plot vitality and occasional sadomasochism which may be
unpleasant for some readers. These deletions will be noted by a small sequence
of stars; <b>*********</b>, often combined with an interjection of a
sort <b>******</b>]</i> ----Suddenly, she saw Lego-lass and Giggly running toward them,
warned Aragon, and rushed back into the woods, but not before pointing towards
a more functional element to the plot: the next clue.
       "This is odd... twinkie wrappers in a place like this...."
       Lego-lass put in her two cents. "Well, OBVIOUSLY it was one of the hobbits.
NOBODY else would have TWINKIE wrappers."
       Giggly did the usual thing. "Heehee."
       Lego-lass continued. "And you've MISSED something. There's that freaky-looking
OLD guy again."
       "How can you tell? It's about as foggy as....."
       "I got FIVE successes."
       "Stupid elf-dice."
       Lego-lass smirked and pointed. Giggly followed her finger and exclaimed, near
laughter, "I see him! He looks like Santa Claus after a bonfire!"
       Indeed, emerging from the mists was one of the fattest creatures ever known to
be humanoid. He was as wide as an average desktop, and clad head to toe in very
dirty grey rags. He was also wearing a funny blue hat that seemed to be a
little bit small for him.
       Lego-lass drew her bow, and pointed. "Die, thaumaturgist, DIE!" She looked
like she was about to actually DO it, she pulled back and let the bow hang to
the ground. "What's wrong???...." She began to get a slightly homicidal look in
her eyes. "....why can't I....." And then suddenly she lashed about with her
knife, nearly stabbing Aragon where it might have hurt, shrieking "WHAT'S WRONG
WITH ME?!?!?!?"
       "Calm down, Mistress Elf," stated the fat guy. "I am no thaumaturgist, and I
wish to speak with you and your nearly impaled comrades." With that he jumped
way too lightly for his size onto a nearby rock, revealing a glimpse of white
cloth for about a nanosecond, and leaving the comrades bewildered. "Besides,
you couldn't kill me if you tried."
       "You speak as one that knows..... (get off me, you stupid elf) .....the
profession well.... (stupid!)....." Aragon attempted to say while Lego-lass was
at his throat. "Is that...." here he picked up the renegade elf and threw her
into Giggly, who lived up to his name and chuckled, "...so?"
       "Not well," said the fat old man, "that would be the study of many lives.
Caine leaves a long legacy. But I kill now and again. Why, I was just recently
in a glorious battle, with this really screwed-up slimy guy in Khazad-Mum, and
he almost beat me! But I gave him one good...."
       Lego-lass stopped her assault, got off of Giggly (but not without a quick
wink), and whispered in awe, "Mii-miii.. ...<i>Mesprendeur?</i>"
       "No shit, Sherlock."
       With that minor vulgarity he disrobed (cringe!!! cringe!!!), and jumped off
the rock, clad now in robes of white that only made him look even more obese.
The little blue hat gave place to a little white yamaka (some spell it
yarmakule, in the old elvish), and the great sword Gimidhat was sheathed at his
side.
       At last Aragon stirred. "Gandalf! What the hell happened to you? You're
all---"
       "White? Yeah, sure. It's an honor thing. Guess what? Aruman's been
excommunicated! I have the honors both of telling him and replacing him. How
about that?"
       "Yes, sir, but the---"
       "Yeah, I miss the grey one too. But that dratted Balrog went and burned it!
Luckily I was able to save my hat..."
       "Tell us about the Balrog!" called Giggly.
       "Well, we fought. it was fun. I whacked at him several dozen times with
Gimidhat, he got all slimy and whipped me. Then we took it outside, and I
finally beat him. After I diablorized the schmuck---"
       Lego-lass gasped. "You did WHAT?!"
       "Diablorized him. Took his soul. Quite a rush, really." He smirked knowingly.
       Aragon tried to ask, "Is that what made you so---"
       "Powerful? Yes, but not the whole thing. Dha-Manwë helped out quite a bit,
when I got to talk to him."
       It was Giggly's turn to gasp. "You mean, you got to meet Dha-Manwë and come
back to tell us about it?"
       "Yes. Gwaihir the Windlord picked me up after the diablorization of the Balrog
(oh, and by the way, he was very impressed that I could still---
<i>[<b>******</b> bestiality, yaoi, and vulgarity; a triple threat!<b>*******</b>]</i> ---after
all these years!" The Elf, Man, and Dwerrat stood blinking while Gandalf continued.
"So he takes me to see Dha-Manwë, and I get powered up and sent back to help
you people. Plus I get the new white garb. By the by," he turned and modeled it
for the others, "does this robe make me look fat?"
       There was an extended sequence of blinking on the parts of Lego-lass and
Giggly. Aragon tried to speak up. "Well, I was beginning to wonder what was
making you so---"
       "Luminescent?"
       "Ummm, no....more like---"
       "Patronizing? Commanding?"
       Aragon gave an exasperated sigh and a sweatdrop, and collapsed to the ground
in frustration. With his head to his knees, he whined, "What of the Hobbits?"
       "Two go by the river, two go by the lampposts. You know which are which, and
they're all alive, so far."
       "And they're safe?"
       "More or less. Right now it's giving you these messages that I'm concerned
about, and packing you off to Edoras."
       A small thud was heard in the trees nearby, and a clump of black leather was
seen on the floor. Gandalf sauntered over to it and gave it a quick slap across
the less-covered end.
       A disheveled Arwen arose with a sheepish look on her face. "Ummm....hi,
guys!....errr..."
       Gandalf got the famous insanely patronizing look upon his face. "Do you know
what I do to eavesdroppers, Princess?"
       "If it's as famous as what you do to eagles, I'm looking forward to it."
       Dark glare from Aragon. A VERY dark glare, indeed.
       "No, actually, although that might become an option...."
       Even darker glare from Aragon, accompanied by a hand on the hilt of a famous
reforged sword. "You wouldn't dare."
       "Get that hand off your sword, son of Arathon, or I will personally see that
the one I'm here to fight for is cut off. And that will be of much
disappointment to Morningstar here, won't it?"
       Aragon growled slightly, but moved his hand.
       "Much better. Now where was I? oh yes, what I do to eavesdroppers. YOU,
princess, will be traveling with us..."
       Arwen breathed a small rapturous "Yes!".
       "...but will not be permitted to engage in any combat or physical action. That
includes sex."
       Aragon and Arwen's jaws dropped a good three feet. Lego-lass and Giggly snickered.
Gandalf smiled.
       "Consider the fun you had this morning to be the last you will get for the
rest of the voyage." More snickering from Lego-lass. "You also will not be
allowed to fight, or I will personally blow you to the Lonely Isle, or worse,
<i>[<b>******</b> just......disgusting <b>******</b>]</i>, and spoil your children to hell. And
if you, Mr. Heir of Elendil, try to stop me, you can kiss the quest, the crown,
and your family jewels good-bye!"
       Giggly was starting to roll on the floor.
       Aragon muttered under his breath, "At least I can <i>see</i> mine, fatty." Gandalf
didn't hear. Instead, he continued with his speech.
       "I was given messages to you three from Galadriel. Aragon first;

               <i>Where now are those ghuls of yours, El Lesser, El Lesser?
               Why do thy valderie-bound wander afar?
               Near are the days of a black, sunless sky,
               As a moon shines with blood and we're all gonna die.
               But much darker still is the road you must take;
               Thank god that your lineage isn't all fake!</i>

Now I was HOPING to bear better news, but I guess that it's not gonna happen,
so I go to Lego-lass now;

               <i>Lego-lass Greenbutt, longest in limb;
               You're out of your mind if you think about him!
               The Dwerrow is mine, and if you even try
               I will hunt your ass down 'til you're ready to die!</i>

I thought <i>that</i> one was particularly interesting...."
       Lego-lass was turning redder than the eye of Sauron. Whether it was with rage
or embarrassment, nobody could tell. But Giggly was laughing as if there were
Nitrous oxide being spoon fed to her personally by a half-orc in a tutu. Arwen
and Aragon, meanwhile, were wondering whether of not their beloved Grandma had
<i>really</i> written that...
       Gandalf continued. "There was also one for you, Laughing Boy, but I don't plan
to say it publicly...." he went over to a much more sobered Giggly and
whispered in his ear for a good fifteen minutes, as Lego-lass whetted her knife and
Aragon and Arwen undressed each other with their eyes. When the whispering was
done, Giggly was at least twice as red as Lego-lass had been, and yelling
through his laughter, "How the <i>[insert potent dwarven swear word here]</i> did you
remember all that?!"
       "It's an old routine."
       "<i>[potent dwarven swear word]</i>!!!!"
       "Well, a phrase like <i>[<b>******</b> odd. Very very odd. <b>******</b>]</i> isn't exactly
hard to forget, especially after it's been done so many times." Silence from all but
Giggly. 
       Arwen's jaw dropped. "Grandma is one sick cookie."
       "....Right." Gandalf whistled and then spoke to the others. "Well, it's time
to go."
       Giggly chortled. "But.... I can't exactly... walk.....!"
       The results of the whistle were observed as the footsteps of horses were heard
nearby.
       "There is more than one horse coming."
       "You lost two, I brought one, and a third is tagging along for our little
renegado."
       The horses ran up to Gandalf, with the exception of one of the new ones, who
just lolled in the grass. That one seemed to be Gandalf's, because the instant
he lay down, the fat Wizard was shouting at it. 
       "Come on, Slimshadë, please stand up! Please stand up! Stupid damn horse!
Slimshadë, please! Stand up!!! You can be such a good horse, when you put your
mind to it! Come ON, Slimshadë!!!"
       Aragon piped in. "Ummm, where did he take our horses?"       
       "Just to get a wider view of the area."
       "Right.... wider....."
       "What was that, young man?"
       "I said right, wider.... er, I mean White Rider... no... nevermind. What is
that sound in the distance?" He pointed toward Medusald, the hall of the gilded
snake, far to the north, and there was a faint trace of smoke as well.
       "Battle and war! Ride on, Slimshadë!" And with that he jumped upon the horse
(thankfully not squishing it) and rode into the distance, the others not far
behind.
