Sam roused himself painfully, but the less said about that,
the better. Unable to proceed without falling into the chasm at his
feet, he had stood around for a while in a rêverie, into which, not
unnaturally, thoughts of wogah (specifically, of Spiegel) had
intruded. His earlier indifference to Spiegel's loss had been the
result of the shock of having been kidnapped, and confusion as to
whether he was a true proletarian hobbit, or the heir of Isildur -- or
both. But now that the shock and confusion were past, his earlier
affection for Spiegel renewed itself within his heart.
        "Who kens what indoctrinations and postmodern tortures she is now
bein' subjected tae!" thought Sam.  "She must be freed from Sauron's
grip. Aye, I shall rescue Spiegel, and then tak the Ring to Mt.
Viagra, or me name ain't Vladimir Ilyich Lenindil!" (Vladimir Ilyich
was his name in Westron; and he liked the name Lenindil, despite his
doubts whether he was indeed, as Sauron claimed, the heir of Isildur.)
        After he was done getting roused, another thought occurred to
him: while rescuing Spiegel, he could also get hold of Frodo and make
that little rat suffer for the "armchair revolutionary" insult - by
making the oppressor an instrument of the Revolution.
        Meanwhile, Gullible had moved a little out of earshot and taken a
walkie-talkie out of his bag. "Agent seven to Fat Lord," he said.
"Situation excellent, preciouss.  S has the R and is determined to do
the needful with it. Please alert our contactses.  Deliverance from
Nassty is at hand.  Nassty will pay for calling us a narrative
irrelevancy, <i>ssaddam</i>.  Over and out."  He returned to Sam, and smiled
in a suitably servile manner.  "Has hobbit decided what to do yet?" he
grovelled.
        "Yes," said Sam.  "I must rescue Spiegel before destroying the Ring.
But I have nae idea how to do either.  It doesn't look as we'll get no
further."
        "Before we fleeds, Don Giovanni heard nasties say something about
going to the Tower of Cirith Undies.  To get there, we need to get to
Lithlad Station and take the Subway."
        
        Sam gazed at the abyss at his feet.  In the background, in the lovely
ersatz chalet of Cirith Iodel, he heard an exquisite soprano warbling:

    <i>DOR! A land, an Orkish land!
    RHî! A crown for royal dude!
    MIR! A jewel I hold in hand!
    FA! I'd tell you, but it's rude!
    SÛL! It's Sindarin for wind!
    LANG! A cutlass or a sword!
    Dî! A bride with Sauron sinned!
    And that brings us to Mor-DOR, DOR ...</i>

A gunshot echoed in the mountains, and the song abruptly ceased. And
hard and cruel and bitter was the parking lot that met Sam's gaze.
        "This is where the suburbanites leave their cars so they can use
public transit ssysstem," explained the Don.  "Border between Mordor
and Gondor™ heavily congessted with traffic, yes it is.  Lots of
people moving to Mordor; very chic, precious, very chic.  One day all
peoples will be inside, if we don't desstroy nassty Ring."
        "Doesn't look very chic, with all this asphalt," said Sam.  "I reckon
Mordor is lowbrow after all."
        "It'ss a parking lot," said Gullible.  "Were you expecting
Corinthian, preciouss?"
        "Weell, cultured or not, we've got to get down there somehow,"
observed Sam brilliantly.  "I suppose this is where we use me rope?"
        "No, let'ss ssave that for nassty ssarcasstic hobbit," said Gullible.
"We'll take elevator instead."
        "What elevator?" inquired Sam.  
        "Follow uss," replied Gullible.
        Gullible led Sam back into the alpine countryside. The hobbits came
to a stop at a linden tree; Gullible pulled one of the branches off,
and a hidden door opened, through which the hobbits boarded the
elevator.
        "We'll go down to level C, and there we'll head south to Lithlad
Station," said Gullible, pushing a button.  "A long walk, preciouss. 
Many carss.  Some grim and evilses, some noble and sssad.  Many proud
and fair, with crown in their ssilver hoodses.  But all stinking, all
rotten, all emitting carbon monoxide.  A fell gleam isss in their
headlightsss.  <i>Saddam</i>.  We musst be very careful," he added, "or
drug lordss will shoot us.  Lucky thing hobbit met Don Giovanni, acos
Don knowss drug lordses and can protect sstu... sensible hobbit."
        The elevator stopped, and the hobbits got out.  Now began the worst
part of Sam's journey, compared to which the scaling of Mount Viagra
was as a picnic in Woody End Park in the Shire.  Cars upon cars
lowered before his horror-stricken gaze.  At first he looked with
interest at the licence plates and bumper stickers: "I Brake for
Winged Balrogs", "I &lt;heart&gt; Minas Epcot", "If Rings of Power were
Outlawed, Only Outlaws would have Rings of Power", "It's a Troll
Thing; You Wouldn't Understand", "The White Council Is Racist", along
with more refined sentiments, such as "Maria Khallas Kicks Tebaldi's
Rear End", "Empower the Periphery through the Deconstruction of Power
Structures", and "Who Would Conquer the World, Must First Get the Ring
of Wogah" -- to say nothing of totally obscure items like "The Nature
of Being Is Psotting to TEUNC", "Bha, I Walays Tyope My Repeats",
"<i>Bother</i>, said Pooh. <i>Some Stupid Halfwitt Has the Ring!</i>", and "I Moo
for Dwagins".  But after a while, the cold deadening monotony of
passing car after car after car, in an asphalt desert where horses had
no names, almost overwhelmed him.  Nor did the eerie shapes he saw out
of the corner of his eye contracting various illicit-looking deals and
occasionally shooting each other do anything to increase his
confidence.
        "Gullible," he said eventually, "are we mostways there yet?"
        "We makess good progress," said Gullible.  "We have finished Straight
Lot.  Now we come to Winding Lot."
        Sam was thoughtful for a moment. "When we get tae the Subway, they'll
know at once that we're no from around here," he said. "Maybe we
should have stopped at the Mall of Gorgoroth and bought us some
Orc-gear like that toff Gorbush had.  As we're in Mordor, we'd better
dress in Mordor-fashion; and anyway there isn't nae choice."
        "Don Giovanni came prepared for that, <i>ssaddam</i>," said Gullible. 
"Look!"
        He took a bundle out of his pack and opened it.  Sam looked in
disgust at the contents, but there was nothing for it: he had to put
the things on, or go naked, and even Kinko wasn't into exhibitionism. 
(Wlokay, he could have gone on wearing his own clothes, but he'd lost
most of them when the party was attacked, and his current outfit
needed a rendez-vous with a washing-machine -- badly.)  There were
long slacks of some unclean polyester-fell, and a vest of expensive
leather.  Over a white cotton tunic went a tie of stout ring-mail, too
long for Sam and heavy. The Don had also brought several Orc-helmets,
that in the Black Speech were called <i>fedoras</i>.
        Having disguised themselves as best they could, they set out again. 
The journey through the Winding Lot was much like that through the
Straight Lot, except that their route sloped gradually downwards, in a
sort of spiral.  Finally, when Sam thought he would scream if he saw
another Mordcedes-Lurtz, Khadillak of Harad, Shevrolugbúrz,
Orcsmobile, or Ford of Isen -- to say nothing of the Nazdas,
Elfbusters, Torogas, Valaraukor, Gondas, Sangahyundaes, Orcuras, Nasty
Green Slimy Beasties, Ancalagons, Smaug-guzzlers, Nissis, and ThÛbarus
-- they came to an end of the cars, and beheld a glass wall, and a
glass door in the midmost thereof, and over the door was carven the
word: <i>Subway</i>.  And they rejoiced at the sight and were glad.

        Three eras had passed in the history of Mordor's public transit
system.  In the Dark Years during the Second Age, Sauron and Mini had
created an efficient Eagle Express system. But after the loss of the
Ring, the Eagles got uppity and services declined, so Sauron created
an underground railway system that was the wonder of the world, with
fast and clean vehicles and sumptuously elegant stations. In the
latter years of the Third Age, however, budget cuts in transportation
had changed all this -- although there is no denying that some of the
older stations retained a dishevelled dryad loveliness. But the system
was showing its age and tending to a certain greyish monotony, despite
Sauron's attempts at inexpensive beautification through paintings and
sculptures by various avant-garde artists.  The trains no longer ran
as frequently as they had aforetime -- especially on weekends -- for
budget cuts had impaired services.  It didn't help matters that the
stations near the Western border were the abode of drug-traffickers
and other nasties, for the mind of Sauron was too often elsewhere in
these latter days (elsewhere being primarily various portions of
Shelob's anatomy).
        The hobbits mastered their fears and entered the station, taking a
glass elevator downstairs to the main lobby, where they stood in line
for twenty minutes or so at the booth behind several snooty Orcs,
mischievous Trolls, and fascinatingly witty Balrogs.  While they
waited, Gullible explained their route.
        "We need to take the train to forty second Ssstreet, which the Orcs call
Mishkoltz, preciouss," he said. "Long ride and out of our way, but no
other way to make the connection, because the Northeast-bound
<i>ngwalmë</i> doesn't run on weekends; doing nassty and inconvenient
consstruction work, the Orcses are.  <i>Ungwë</i> train takess uss to Canal
Street, at ssouthern corner of Lithlad Station. There we get on
<i>ssilmë nuquerna</i>, which goess to one hundred sixty first Street, the northern corner of
Lithlad.  There we need to get on <i>quessë</i> and take it to Cirith
Undies. Very crowded at Cirith Undies; lots of outdoor opera
performances there, yess lotss.  They hurts our ears, my poor little
ears."
        "Ye mean there are trains runnin' <i>inside</i> the train station?"
blurted Sam, startled.
        "Yes, <i>ssaddam</i>," replied Gullible. "Big station.  Orcses and stuff
musst gets through somehow.  This is the only way."
        "But why is the station so huge?" asked Sam.
        "Acos Sauron got carried away with his building craze and didn't
know where to sstop, the basse masster of treachery... <i>saddam</i>." 
Gullible said nothing about the corrupt building schemes in which
Sauron's evil twin Saurtre had been engaged, before he finally ran off
and joined the narco-terrorists for a lark; for no one learned of that
until Mordor's secret archives were made available to historians in
after days.
        "Wow, Gullible, ye really <i>are</i> an expert!" cried Sam.
        "Comess with the job, precciouss," said Gullible, patting himself on
the back.

At this point they finally found themselves at the head of the line. 
        "Where ya goin'?"  asked the guy in the booth.
        "Cirith Undies," said Gullible.
        "Six flokarinos," said the guy.  Gullible put his head close to the
window-pane and whispered something that Sam couldn't hear; but the
guard became almost polite and handed Gullible two tokens with winged
speed. The hobbits passed through a turnstile to the platform, where
several surly Orcs and other denizens of the Land of Shadow and High
Culture, mostly in uniform, stood around, waiting for the dilatory
<i>ungwë</i> to wend its way thither.
        While waiting, Sam tried to listen to the locals, but couldn't hear
much, as no one spoke above a whisper.  He did hear bits and pieces
like "situation in Ethelien's getting worse", "even in Dor Remi", "the
Big Bosses, even the Biggest, can make mistakes", "something almost
slipped", "too lax", and "curse the Gondorians™!"  Even the
Lurtzafarians seemed to be rather down.

        Finally the train arrived.  There is little to tell about
their journey, for monotonous is the public transit in the Land of
Chiaroscuro Lighting Effects. They were in a land of darkness where
the days of the world seemed forgotten, and where all who entered were
forgotten too.  Oft and anon the trains would stop between stations,
or would suddenly start going in the exact opposite direction to that
in which they were supposed to go.
        "Come on, you miserable sluggard!"  growled Sam, after the
<i>quesse</i> train had stalled for forty five minutes. "Now for it!"  Out westward
in the world it was drawing near noon upon the seventeenth day of March
in the Shire-reckoning, and even now Gandalf was smothering (or almost)
Paragraph Took, shooting Ariellë, pretending to murder Dr Faramir,
and trasking and burning Denethor™ and Co.; Otto was incinerating
Morrie (or so everyone thought, although it turned out later that the
incinerator was really a transporter); I suppose we should be glad
that Sam didn't get liquidated and replaced by some colourless slob
named Blotto; Aragon was bringing Boromir™ back to life and turning
him into the splitting image of the ancient king Wupdidu and killing
him again by accident; the indestructible Steward™'s heir was 
being brought back to life by Ariellë -- who withal was altering
Arwen's sexual identity (but brief was that amour) -- and then killed
again by Gandalf and then coming back to life, revealed as a true
toon; El Rond was, very likely, being poisoned by a disgruntled chef;
and I would not be surprised if some nasty little computer gremlins
had somehow annihilated all the Valar (come on, can I at least kill
off Tolkas? I never liked the guy), and if Eru had brought them back
from the dead with all deliberate speed.  At one point, tachyon
particles wiped out all life, but fortunately Captain Picard saved the
day by going back in time, etc., etc., etc.. Yet amid all their cares
and fear and premature deaths and resurrections, the thoughts of their
friends (and enemies) turned constantly to Frodo and Sam (and
occasionally to Gullible).  They were not forgotten. But they were
conveniently beyond aid, and no thought could bring any help to
Samwise, Hamfast's son and Don Giovanni Tenorio the Gullible; they
were utterly alone.  For their purpose was to serve as fall guys, so
that Gandalf and the leaders of the West could maintain a plausible
deniability, if the mission went agley.  (Although Gandalf's
deniability was getting less plausible with each enormity he
committed.)
        As they waited for the train to get moving again, Sam mulled
over the events of the last few days.  "I'm sair confuzzled, and
that's a fact," he thought. "It's me eternally self-doubting side
a-comin' oot again." He recalled Google Junction: the billboards and
one-hour motels uncounted, the gas wars, the commercialism, the
remakes of <i>Flipper</i> and <i>Mr. Ed</i>, the boring conferences; he
remembered the neon glitz of Shelob's nightclub. And yet, Sauron had
subjected the hobbits to opera and other classical music stuff in an
appallingly ornamental setting; and had, moreover, conveyed a certain
<i>deconstructionishness</i>. Was it possible that more than one cultural
level existed in the Black Land, that everything in it was not of one
boring, stereotypical, cartoon-evil piece?  To get an idea of what
Mordorian culture was like, Sam looked at the ads that embellished the
train's interior. Obviously, this question was much more important
than the boringly practical one of how he was supposed to get to Mount
Viagra and destroy the Ring without being killed.  But it was not easy
to get an answer.  Much poetry he beheld, most of it by Gorbush, the
very same who had wogahed Spiegel from his arms. A fairly typical one
read:

     <i>gondor™ narconasties
     wouldn't you know it?
     losers!</i>

And another:

     <i>lady hobbit she's really sexy
     wogah wogah did you say? yep
     ~&amp;~</i>

But right next to this somewhat arcane stuff, Sam saw an advertisement
for Koorsthak Lite, and next to that, a painting of a can of
Kampbelghurghak's Soup by Andy Orchol, provocatively captioned "Is It
Art?" Thereafter came a painting of giant watches by Salvad-dÛr Dalrog...
Sam's eyes began to glaze over, barely taking in the ad for
<i>Hustler</i> that followed.  As he pondered the matter, Sam came to a
fearful realization: In the postmodern bizarrerie of the Mordor
aesthetic, pop kitsch and highbrow avant-gardism went hand in hand. 
(Meanwhile, Gullible was engrossed in <i>Spying for Dummies</i>.)

        Finally they escaped from the toils of Mordor's public transit
system. They found themselves in the Cirith Undies district, an area so
postmodern that even Derrida was shocked. Strange shapes they saw,
which resembled bits of molten lava that had cooled and lay like
twisted dragon-shapes vomited from the tormented earth. As he looked
more closely, Sam saw that these weird shapes were actually some kind
of rarefied metal sculpture.  "By Lugnardo da Vinyamar, the pomo
Nazdaq sculptor, <i>ssaddam,</i>" hissed Gullible. From somewhere to their
left came the sound of singing and orchestral music, wherein Sam
recognized the vile evil of opera, which The Badguy Formerly Known As
Gandalf had once called "an abomination so loathsome that the very
heavens seem to plug their ears in horror".  (That purple passage was
presumably ghost-written.)
        To the right, Mount Viagra and Barad-dÛr lowered in the distance.
As he gazed upon Barad-dÛr Sam groaned at the bad jokes that issued forth
therefrom, and took no comfort whatsoever in the fact that they were
<i>cultured</i> bad jokes, such as "how many sopranos does it take to screw
in a light-bulb", and several very nasty jokes about tenors and
violists. He barely listened as Gullible explained the postmodern
(absence-of-)significance of the enormous dinner-forks that adorned
the battlements of Barad-dÛr, and of the gum that it metonymically
chewed and popped ("that was scary, and that's a fact," as Sam later
recalled), how they (re)"present"ed the hypertextuality of being,
etc., etc., etc., etc., etc.   Multipurposed and polyvalent was
Sauron's stronghold, the ironic and clever dinner forks
<i>mise-en-question</i>ing the buttresses of knife-edged iron, walls of
impenetrable stone, doors of heavy adamant all marked "ENTRANCE ONLY,"
and interminable window offices, which in turn gave this monument to
highbrowdom the appearance of a movie set for some <i>film noir</i> -- an
impression that could not quite dispel the drollery conveyed by the
miniature busts of Orc-composers that stood over each entrance, nor
the erotic appeal of the posters of Shelob that adorned the doors.
        Further off Sam and Gullible beheld the terrible mountain, the
dread goal of their quest.  Ever and anon the furnaces far below its
uplifted head would grow hot, and with a great surging and throbbing
poured forth a river of some disgusting fluid or other from chasms in
its sides, blazing towards Barad-dÛr down great channels of strangely
Freudian aspect, while purple flames soared heavenwards.
        "We are not going that way yet, if hobbit insists on ssilly resscue
plan," ssnorted Gullible. "We musst go left if we are to get to Cirith
Undies.  Unfortunately, it will not be easy.  We'll ssee, precious, oh
yess, we'll ssee."
        "Hobbit does insist on silly rescue plan," said Sam.  "Let's go!"

        The hobbits bore to their left, where they found themselves first
in a kind of park, whose shrubbery was trimmed into shapes of shocking
indecency (at least by Shire standards: "No sex please; we're
hobbits!" was the Shire's motto). Some giant roaches had organized a
tap-dancing party in a piazza. Here peace still reigned, if a watchful
one.  Sam and Guillible heard a soprano singing a duet with a barely
audible alto over a chorus of bassi. Before long, they arrived at a
crowded outdoor amphitheatre full of Orcs, Trolls, Rogs,
jack-o'-lanterns, and other aliens, all dressed to the nines and
gaping at a stage within a kind of band shell.  Sam looked, and was
filled with horror at what he saw: Orcs lighting bonfires and toasting
marshmallows by having slaves hold them in the fire with their bare
hands, while a woman knelt on the floor and sang some aria of
heartbreaking beauty. A small figure in an elaborate costume was
trying to sing alto, but all that came out was an annoying squeal. 
The supratitles didn't help much, for the sentence <i>In thirty
ten, the
potatoes triumphed</i> conveyed little meaning to Sam's mind.
        Enraged at this treatment of the slaves, Sam cried out: "I
end this exploitation! Why do ye allow your oppressors tae inflict this
indignity upon ye?  Rise, for ye have nowt tae lose but your chains --
and that's a fact!"
        "Ssssh! Ssstupid hobbit!" hissed Gullible.
        "Cannot you see that this is great art?" sniffed an Orc in the
audience nearby, whom Sam recognized as Gorbush.
        "I find the interruption very apt," said a Nazdaq, sitting next
to Gorbush. "It is a metaphor for aesthetic aperture.  There is no
closure or finality to the artistic work, but it is imminent within
being."  Naturally, the Nazdaq sent shivers of dread and despair down
Sam's spine, and all that.
        "I see your point, Lugnardo ..." began Gorbush, but before he
could reply, another Orc yelled at the would-be alto (who was,
unfortunately, now partially audible), "Ho la!  You there, you
dunghill rat! Do you call that a high B-flat?  Stop your squeaking, or
I'll come and deal with you.  D'you hear?" Annoyed, Lugnardo cast a
paralysis spell on the complaining Orc; thereafter, the audience was
more or less quiet until the intermission.
        During the intermission, Sam, accompanied by Gullible, cornered
Gorbush and asked what the Utumno was gaein' on. (Gorbush easily saw
through their pitiful Orc-disguises in any case.)
        "This is a performance of Verdishnakh's <i>Uglucco</i>," explained
Gorbush.  "A brilliant, radical production by Lugnardo the Nazdaq
sculptor.  (Not as radical as Petér Sellárz's production of <i>Don
Celeborno</i>; Sauron nixed that and the director as well.)"  He lowered
his voice, and whispered, "Lugnardo is also charged with protecting
Frodo. We have to be extra careful, since he's making his operatic
debut today, under the pseudonym Andrea Bocelli." Gullible stretched
and yawned in facetitious boredom.
        "Sae that's who the wee runt was, who couldnae sing," said Sam.
Gorbush nodded. "And where are he and Spiegel being kept?" continued
Sam. "And are they bein' weel treated?"
        "Yes, they're being well treated," replied Gorbush in a whisper,
"but we cannot discuss that further now. Even here, the Fat Lord has
spies. After the performance I will take you backstage to meet your
companions, and we shall see. For now, I will explain the opera to
you." Gorbush proceeded to do so, at length, for the rest of the
intermission.  Sam remembered very little, except that the very lovely
soprano's name was Nazwaz, Easterling for "Flashing Lotus."  Gullible
hissed and muttered under his breath: "Who careses? Wasste time,
<i>ssaddam</i>.  Need to desstroy curssed thingy. Gandalf will not be
pleassed, precciouss, no he won't.  Beer iss too expenssive, <i>ssaddam,
ssaddam</i>..."
        When the intermission ended, Sam (having nothing better to do)
sat through the rest of the opera, and actually found himself <i>liking</i> it
(except for Frodo's performance, which stank), in spite of constantly
repeating to himself in an undertone, "Opera is evil, and that's a
fact; opera is evil, and that's a fact; opera is evil, and that's a
fact..."  Gullible plugged his ears.

        As they left the performance, Sam and Gullible found Gorbush
in the middle of a heated argument with another Orc.
        "Then you must go deliver my critique to Lugburz," he was saying.
"I must go backstage anyway.  But I'm hurt.  The Black Pits take that
filthy hidebound traditionalist Ralfpat!" Gorbush's voice trailed off
into a string of politically charged epithets.  "I gave him better
than I got, but he flamed me, the reactionary, before I killfiled him.
You must go, or I'll get you demoted. News must get through to
Lugburz, or we'll both be for the Black Pits.  Yes, you will too.  You
won't escape by skulking up here."
        "I'm not going down those stairs again," growled Lurtz, "be you poet
laureate or no.  Nar! Keep your hands off your mouse, or I'll put a
virus in your laptop's guts.  You won't be poet laureate long when
they hear all about these goings-on.  I've fought  for the Tower
against those stinking UNM-rats, but a nice mess you precious critics
have made of things, fighting over the new cabinet position."
        "I have nae idea what the bloody UdÛn ye lads are talkin' aboot,"
interrupted Sam.  "Nor do I care.  I just want to be taken to where
Frodo and Spiegel are, an' I'm no wantin' tae bide my time aboot it."
        "Sssss! Wasste time! Very sstupid, yess, very dumb, yess very
moronic!" grumbled Don Giovanni.
        "My apologies," said Gorbush to Lurtz.  "Hobbits don't understand
the finer points of Orc-etiquette, like <i>Never interrupt a debate on
aesthetics</i>."  Turning to Sam and Gullible, he said, "This is Lurtz,
Frodo's trainer in the martial arts, and my assistant." Turning back
to Lurtz, he said, "I have to go now.  We will speak of this more
later.  Deliver the critique, and come back to the Tower after that,
or I'll make you listen to Gondorian™ rap."  Lurtz shuddered and
left, muttering under his breath.

        "Very well; since you are so eager to see your employer, let us be
off," said Gorbush to Sam and Gullible. "Excuse me, but I will have to
blindfold you."
        "Gettin' used tae it, by noo," muttered Sam, as the Orc placed
special mauve-tinted glasses over his eyes.
        "If you remove the glasses, an explosive will detonate," said
Gorbush, as he prepared to put another pair of glasses over Gullible's
eyes.
        "Ssssss! We're friendsses! You can't seriously mean to blindfold Don
Giovanni!" hissed Gullible.
        "You're not on the list of persons with security clearance; so yes,
I do seriously mean to blindfold Don Giovanni," replied Gorbush, doing
it.
        "Cruel! Tricksy! False!" whinged Gullible; but under his breath he
sneered, "Trusst not in ssikrit wayses; we have long spied out this
realm, yess preciousss, hee hee!"
        They went on a longish trip, taking several elevators, an escalator
or two, and the odd secret passage.  When Gorbush finally removed
their blindfolds, they found themselves in a modern art gallery filled
with Dalrogs, Van Gorgoroghs, Myrchs, Mordnets, Pollorks, and other
horrors. "Frodo and Spiegel are in the Pikassoblug," whispered
Gorbush.  He revealed that a somewhat distorted female portrait was in
fact a panel in the wall leading to Frodo's and Spiegel's secret
lodgings.  As they entered the hidden apartment, the realization that
Frodo was near filled Sam with revolutionary rage, and he sang in a
loud voice:

     <i>In Western lands beneath the boss,
     the banners rise in Spring,
     the workers march, the peasants cuss,
     the merry Wobblies sing.
     Or maybe Rosie calls a strike
     and swaying beeches bear
     placards and posters, red on white
     amid her branching hair.

     Though here at journey's end I lie,
     in pomo buried deep,
     beyond all corporate towers high,
     beyond all prices steep,
     the workers' flag is scarlet bright
     for blood our martyrs shed:
     I will not sell my life for lite,
     until the boss is dead.</i>

        "Oh dear, I left Spiegel's... erh... <i>thing</i> behind," said
Gorbush in a worried voice.  "I'll be right back.  Don't move until I
return."  He darted out the hidden entrance. Sam and Gullible looked
around the luxuriously appointed room in wonder, admiring its
elaborate bookcases, filled with tomes with titles like <i>Movable
Peripheries: The Exiled Margin Rewrites Itself: A Study in Easterling
MÛmakisms</i>.  As he stared uncomprehendingly at these books, Sam heard
Spiegel moaning in a room nearby, and rushed in.  Sam trembled with
desire, and could not speak. Spiegel seemed slightly taken aback.
        "Am I still dreaming?" she murmured.  "There was an Orc with
my... erh... <i>thing</i> in his hand, and it turns into Sam!  Then I wasn't
dreaming when I heard you singing just now, and tried to cover my
ears?  Was that you?"
        "It was indeed, Spiegel," sighed Sam. "I'd given up hope, almost.
I couldn't find you. But I have now, Spiegel, dear Spiegel."  He lay
back in Spiegel's gentle arms, like a child at rest when night fears
are chased away by some loved voice or hand.  Spiegel held him a bit
awkwardly, as far away from her body as possible.
        "Something hit me, didn't it?" mused Spiegel.  "And I fell into
darkness and erotic dreams, and woke and found that waking was even
more erotic.  Orcs were all around me. Or rather, one was, but he was
hot enough for a thousand."  The enticing vision had seemed so real to
her, half bemused as she still was with her desire for Gorbush.  Sam
had changed before her very eyes into an Orc again, leering and pawing
at her, a passionate creature with groping hands and a slobbering
mouth.  But now the vision had passed. The creature was still leering
and pawing and groping and slobbering, but it was only a grubby little
hobbit.
        And as Sam stood there, even though the Ring was not on him but
hanging on a chain from his neck, he felt enlarged, as if he were
robed in a huge distorted shadow of himself.  He felt that he had from
now on only two choices: to forbear the Ring, though it might torment
him, and challenge the Power that sat in its dark hold beyond the
valley of shadows; or to claim it, and seduce Spiegel.  Already the
Ring tempted him, gnawing at his will and reason.  Wild fantasies
arose in his mind; and he saw Samwise the Strong, striding with a
flaming sword across Spiegel's fruited plain.  Then Pinko gained the
ascendancy over Kinko, and he saw himself once again as Vladimir
Ilyich Lenindil, Hero of the Proletariat, and armies of workers and
peasants flocking to his call as he marched to the overthrow of the
Sauronite dictatorship. And then all the clouds rolled away, and at
his command the Barad-dÛr Opera House etc. became a Kremlin and
brought forth Politburos.  He had only to destroy the Ring -- or so he
thought -- and all this could be.   And after he became commissar,
he'd have plenty of women to wogah -- a harem swollen to a realm; his
own hands to use, not the hands of others to command.

        At this point, to Spiegel's relief, the door opened and Frodo
entered. To say that he and Sam had a merry meeting would be stretching
it, but at least they didn't try to beat each other up.
        "Your operatic debut was interestin'," deadpanned Sam. Frodo seemed
preoccupied, and merely grunted in reply.
        "Ssstupid hobbitses waste time, messs up quesst," muttered Gullible
for the twentieth time; but no one paid even the slightest attention
to <i>him</i>.
        Frodo was accompanied by Jîvz, his Balrog valet, and Deeanna Troll,
his counsellor. This last smiled at Sam and Gullible and said, "You're
hiding something!" before sashaying out of the the room in a
provocative gait.
        "Bah, she was no very relevant to the plot, nohow," said Sam, after
she had left.
        "Please don't be so meta," said Spiegel.  "I can't stand it. Let's
stay in character, shall we?"
        Frodo, meanwhile, was muttering to himself,  "<i>The economy of being
is simply the unbecoming of unbeing ... rather like Elbereth's
perfume, that wafts into allergenicity</i>. .. Why is this stuff so
<i>hard</i> and <i>BORING</i>?  Why won't Sauron just <i>give</i> me the estate?"
        "Ha!" said Sam.  "So the estate was a fake all along! Now we <i>ken</i>
Sauron's evil."
        "I don't know if he's good or evil," replied Frodo.  "But he sure
is strict.  I might even say: a fierce will, unknowing of mercy. He makes
me get up every day at five thirty a.m., read theory, swim, then after
breakfast I have to take a quiz, talk with Sauron ... Then he lets me
have one hour of recreation, but after that I have to study the Black
Speech for two hours; after lunch -- which consists mostly of tofu --
I practice fencing with Lurtz, then religious instruction with
Counsellor Deeanna Troll, then complete rest in the dark, then voice
lessons with Gorbush, then I have to read <i>more</i> theory (Germaíne
Grír, bgheeeahkhgh!!). After dinner, I take another quiz, religious
service, talk to Sauron, bed ... Whenever I ask about my estate, he
says I'm not worthy yet.  <i>Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!!!</i>  I
feared that it was so."
        "By the way," asked Sam, hastily changing the subject, "how did ye
know the way to Mordor earlier? Ye'd never been there before."
        "Oh, Sauron gave Frodo and me homing devices while you were in the
bathroom," replied Spiegel. "On coming to the asphalt parking lot, we
almost wondered if Sauron were indeed evil ...  Sauron laughed when I
told him that. He's sexeeeeeee! And ever since he took away that nasty
phial, Frodo has been almost bearable, though he still has relapses
when one wants to strangle him."
<i>        [Here the MS. contains an interpolation in a suspiciously roggy hand:
"Sauron is as pure as the driven snow.  Since I'm the narrator, this
must be true.  And Sauron's Diary is canonical.  And I am taking over
the e-text, mwahahahhahahahhahahaha!!!"]</i>
        "I believe it is time for you to read <i>Textual Sex and Sexual Tests</i>,
sih," interposed Jîvz unctuously.
        "Shut up, Jîvz," said Frodo.  "This is a greater matter than you
know."
        "Please it your Highness to remember ..." murmured Jîvz
        "It pleases my Highness principally to be obeyed, old mutterer. Now
go!"  Jîvz bowed and left the room.
        Sam scowled on observing Frodo's only too familiar treatment of his
servants.  Nevertheless, mindful that he still needed Frodo's help
(whether freely given or forced), Sam restrained himself from killing
the git, and instead asked, "Would ye like tae aid us on a leetle
quest?  A mere trifle, we just need tae destroy the Ring and free the
Western Lands from evil.  You'll still get your estate, I'm sure. 
Indeed, I'll warrant ye'll hae a better time governing it as your own
maister than as a subject of Sauron.  But first, we need tae get rid
of the Ring, and that's a fact."
        "You've got it?" gasped Frodo.  "You've got it here?  Give it to me!"
he cried out, standing up, holding out a trembling four-fingered and
gloved hand.  "Give it me at once!  You can't have it!"  He panted,
staring at Sam with eyes wide with fear and enmity.
        "Nay, ye avaricious bastard -- I mean, auspicious mastard. We must
destroy yon evil engine of sorcery."
        "You won't give it back, you say? Curse you, Sam, you little maggot!
If you think I'm so damaged from my operatic debut and postmodern
reading load that it's safe to flout me, you're mistaken.  Come here,
and I'll sing falsetto in your ear.  And when some new lads come, I'll
deal with you: I'll send you to Bergzum-ishi's <i>Wozzeck</i>."
        "I'll no give it back, not before you're dead anyway," answered Sam
surlily.  "I've told you twice that we need to destroy it."
        "So that's it, is it?" yelled Frodo.  "You'll do this, and you'll
not do that?  And after stealing the Ring, you'll bolt and leave me. 
No, you won't!  I'll put red maggot-holes in your belly first."
        "Frodo, you're not helping," interrupted Spiegel.  "Why don't you
leave this to me?"  She gave Frodo one of her persuasive looks, and he
nodded.
        "I'll give you fifteen minutes to change the little Bolshevik's
mind," he said.  "Meanwhile, I'll try to read some of this textual sex
stuff, though reading it has practically cured me of any sexual desire
I might have once had: I can't even fantasize about fishes anymore,
without being reminded of incredibly boring highbrow lit crit." With
that he stomped off.

        Sam and Spiegel looked at each other in silence for a few minutes,
remembering the happy and golden days of Book IV, when they had romped
in Disgiliath in innocent joy, laughing through their tears (mostly at
Frodo).  Then, as Sam's thought returned to the mission at hand, Sam's
face darkened.
        "So," he said, "are ye with me or against me?"
        "My destiny is here," said Spiegel. "I must stay in Mordor and
raise the consciousness of its people.  They need it so much, for an evil
corruption is seeping its way into the realm from the northwest."  She
sighed. "Please don't destroy the Ring, Sam," she implored. "Can't you
see that we were wrong about Mordor?  That Orcs are not all evil?"
        "Nay, we must annihilate it," said Sam.  "If we don't, the Sauronites
will take over, and their tyranny will be far worse than that of the
current Imperialist and Global Capitalist hegemonists."
        "Sauron has brought peace to many realms," said Spiegel. "Toreador
and Cuspidor rejoice together; the topless beaches of the Southron
kingdom of Rîô are in harmony with the gaming establishments of Minas
Vegas ..."
        "His aggression shall not stand!" cried Sam.
        "Why are you so sure that destroying the Ring is the right thing to
do?" rejoined Spiegel.  "Because Gandalf says so?  Doesn't sound like
the Sam I know, believing something just on the authority of some fat
mountebank in a pointed hat. And Gandalf <i>is</i> evil.  I have
experienced the subtle -- or not so subtle -- psychological torture he
dispenses in the name of advice.  And if Gandalf is so good, how do
explain the Barbie and Ken incident?   I suppose since Barbie was an
Easterling and Ken an Orc, Gandalf was perfectly in the right when he
turned them into plastic dolls and merchandised them."
        "Tae crooked eyes truth may wear a wry face," intoned Sam.
        "Indeed your eyes are almost blind," said Spiegel.  "Blinded with
hatred for your Master.  You cannot see beyond your personal and class
hatred.  If you did, you would realize that destroying entire races of
people through the annihilation of the Ring is wrong."
        "Entire races?" echoed Sam.  "Aye, I forgot ye're an Orc-lover."
        "Ah, so that's what's changed you," said Spiegel.  "Jealousy ill
becomes you.  There is more at stake here than our personal feelings.
What will happen if the West conquers?  The Orcs will be wiped out. Or
does your belief in equality not extend to Orcs?  Because mine does!
Ah, Sam, in the name of our friendship, please try to understand ..." 
Sam began to say something, then stopped, gazing upon Spiegel's face
intently.  His expression lost some of its harshness, and a furtive
tear trickled down his cheek.
        "Don't lissten to her!" screamed Gullible.  "Hobbit-witch lies,
yess she doess.  She cheats us with Orcses, betrays us to them, preciouss. 
We musst desstroy the Ring! We musst!  Gandalf says so, and he's the
goodguy!  Sauron's the villain! <i>SSSADDAM</i>!!!!"
        Sam continued to waver.  But at just that moment Frodo returned,
still holding his <i>Textual Sex</i> book.  "I happened to hear the last
part of your conversation," he remarked.  "It seems to me that even
Sam ought to be able to understand that the metaphysics underlying
Sauron's social democratic centralized decentralizm is nothing less
than the modalization of being through the trajectory of its own
eros."
        "Bourgeois radical chic flummery!" retorted Sam, in whom hatred
for Frodo now stifled all other feelings, even his affection for Spiegel
and his revolutionary ideals.  "I have made up me mind.  The Ring must
be annihilated, to avenge your tyranny, ye effete decadent <i>armchair
fascist!</i>".
        "I end all this!" cried Frodo, suddenly seizing the Ring.
        "No, no!" yelled Gullible, snatching the Ring back from Frodo's
white-gloved, oddly cartoonish hands.  "No you won't, you thief!"
        But at that moment, Deeanna Troll rushed into the room with cinematic
abruptness and seized Frodo, covering the hobbit's mouth; but Spiegel
was still free and cried out, "Treachery!"
        In ran Jîvz from the sauna room. "I cannot allow this to continue,"
he said, brandishing his elegant Second-Age whip.
        But Gullible was ready.  "Thiss iss sset to kill, <i>ssaddam,</i>" he
hissed.
        "Bah, you can't kill ..." began Jîvz, before his sentence was cut
short by Gullible's devastating aim.
        "Maybe not, but at leasst we can ssstuns you," sneered Gullible, as
the Balrog valet collapsed.
        "GUARDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" screamed Frodo as he struggled to free
himself from Deeanna's grip, but in vain.
        "They've gone fishing, sih," Jîvz reminded him, as the Balrog
regained consciousness..
        "At my orders," said Deanna Troll.  "This country wants setting to
rights, and Gandalf is the one to do it.  Enough of this week-kneed
high culture crap.  With that ring destroyed, we can make this an evil
empire to be proud of... You see," she said with a sneer, "I've
been hiding something."
        Meanwhile Sam and Gullible hastened to the door, exited through
the Pikassoblug painting, and fled through the art gallery.  Even as he
ran, Sam wept.  Curiously, all the museum guards seemed to believe
their explanation that they were performance artists, even though the
performance had the unusual title, "Fat Lord's Orders."  Away into the
night they sped.  From the bowels of the outdoor opera theatre issued
a high and dreadful wail.  Far up above in the darkness it was
answered.  Out of the sky there came dropping like a bolt a winged
shape, rending the clouds with a ghastly shriek.  A jet-propelled
Balrog it was, bearing a Nazdaq on what Sam supposed to be some vile
mission of evil, possibly involving ballet.

        "They've taken everything, Spiegel," said Frodo.  "Everything
I had.  Do you understand?  <i>Everything!</i>"  He cowered on the floor
again with bowed head, as his own words brought home to him the
fullness of the disaster, and despair overwhelmed him.  "The quest
has failed, Spiegel.  Even though he's an idiot and his magic tricks
are transparent, we can't escape Gandalf's dominion.  Only 'Rogs can
escape.  Away, away, out of Middle-earth, with winged speed, far away
over the Sea.  If even that is wide enough to keep the Shadow out."
        "I still have hope," said Spiegel.  "I will not give up yet."
        "Now I'll never get my estate!" whined Frodo. "I feared that
it was so."
        "Is that all you can think about?" said Spiegel indignantly. 
"There's much more at stake than that! Entire races of people could
become extinct!  Come! We must inform Sauron at once."
        "Yes," admitted Frodo. "We must tell Sauron what that slimy
little footpad and his 'Revolutionary' lackey have done."

        So it was that when Gorbush finally returned, he found Sam
and Gullibe gone, and Frodo and Spiegel in the videoconference room.
Lugnardo and Jîvz were also there, hanging their heads with shame;
but Deeanna Troll was gone. Sauron was on the screen, and he did not
look happy. He sighed and murmured, "I was a fool! A fool! Ah!"


Sam had just wits enough left to seize the phaser from Gullible and
thrust it back into his breast.  "Run, Gullible!" he cried.  "No, not
that way!  There's a sheer drop over the wall. Follow me!"  Down the
road from the gate they fled.  In fifty paces, with a swift bend round
a jutting bastion of the cliff, it took them out of the line of fire
from the Tower.  They had escaped the hue and cry of the Balrog
servants for the moment.  Cowering back against the rock they drew
breath, and then they clutched at their hearts.  "Chin oop, Samwise
Gamgee!  Ye hae come tae fer tae be broot doon bae a wee bit o' hairt
atteck noo..." muttered Sam.  Perching now on the wall beside the
ruined gate a Nazdaq sent out an alluring yet morbid aria.  All the
cliffs echoed.  In terror they stumbled on.  Soon the road bent
sharply eastward again and exposed them for a dreadful moment to a
search beam from the Tower.
   A scintillating red point appeared on the back of Sam's head scant
milliseconds before Gullible staggered into him and they both tumbled
to the ground.  A puff of dust several meters beyond heralded the
impact of thousands of steel flechettes hurled from a rifle mounted
at the top of one of the battlements.  As they flitted across the
killing field they glanced back and saw a great chrome-steel shape
upon it, manlike in shape yet taller; then they plunged down between
high rock-walls in a cutting that fell steeply to join the
Morgul-road.  They came to the way-meeting.  There was still no sign
of orcs, nor of an answer to the song of the Nazdaq; but they knew
that the silence would not last long, in Mordor's places of high
culture.  At any moment now the coherent photonic beam bombardment
would begin.
   "This will nae do, Gullible," said Sam.  "If we were real orcs, we
should be walking aroond in sweats, with backpacks on oor shoulders
and books under oor arms, not roonin' away as if being sniped at wi'
laser-sighted ordinance.  The first enemy we meet'll ken we are nae
orcs.  We must get oof this road somehoo."
   "But we can't," said Gullible, "not without wingses, precious!"

Sam shuddered at the thought of Sauron's jet-propelled Balrogs
streaming forth from the tower and its six outbuildings.
Even as he mused in dread, a tall Man appeared not twenty paces
distant.  Sam and Gullible started and faced him in wonder, as they
hardly ever missed the onset of one of the Big Folk, however
stealthy.  The man was dressed in very worn traveling leathers and
wore a distinctive-looking sword and a silvery guitar.  For a moment
Sam feared that Maglor was back to cause more trouble, but then he
saw that the man had no ears.  He must have grimaced in pity, for
the man chuckled and said, "Don't worry, they'll grow back.  I've
lost my eyes before, so I know.  Now let's get out of sight.  Follow
me."
   As Sam and Gullible trailed the man warily, the sky above began
to turn overcast rapidly.  Shortly the sun peeked out from behind a
cloud... then another sun, then another.  Sam whirled in amaze and
saw that the Tower had vanished and all of Sauron's buildings along
with it.  "Who be ye, and where be ye takin' us?" he demanded.
   "Good questions, though the full answer would take longer than we
are alloted, Master Samwise, or should I say <i>Lenindil</i>?  That isn't
really your name, you know."
   "How come ye tae noo my name, or, er, what isn't my name...?"
sputtered Sam.
   "I know many things about you, for you have followed me into battle,
and fought for me, and against me, and died for me, and by my hand.
I will answer your first question and perhaps the rest will become
clearer.  I go by many names, few of them yet known in Muddle-earth,
but someday at least a few of you shall have heard of Corbin of
Ember."
   "Corbin of Ember?  Well, who th--" began Sam, but Corbin had
already begun to walk into the east.  Sam and Gullible had to hurry
to catch up.
   As they walked, Corbin listened carefully to Sam's tale of the 
quest as it had transpired from his point of view, pausing it briefly
to ask questions and comment.  When they all stopped to rest and take
what few morsels of food Corbin could spare them, Sam managed to fool
Gullible into dropping the Ring by shouting that it was on fire - which,
as he expected, worked flawlessly.  Soon they moved on, with Corbin
deftly leading the pair across a landscape that changed rapidly.

   Meanwhile, at Sauron's tower, chaos had erupted, not for the first
time this morning.  Frodo was taking a coffee break - a much-needed
one, he muttered fitfully to himself - when a sudden commotion caused
him to dash to the stair to see what was going on.  Suddenly he sighted
three reavers, dressed in furs and outrageous-looking armor, bashing
Jîvz and the many other orcish servants with the flats of their swords.
Frodo realized suddently that they had come for him!  As ran for his
life, the leader seized Gorbush's head in one great hand and bashed
it against Lugnardo's.  A hollow <i>crack!</i> rang out as Spiegel, wailing
in alarm and rage, leaped forward and was caught deftly by the second
reaver.  The third made a quick grab and Frodo, too, was trapped.
Both Spiegel and Frodo now wrigged in undignified and highly agitated
postures atop the shoulders of two tall warriors, while the middle one
inspected the unconscious butlers and poets.
   "We had best make haste," he averred, looking at the inordinately
large and ominously empty pots of espresso strewn everywhere.  "There
is evil here that does not sleep!"

   The sky, having cycled through shades of graphite and snow as well as
ruby, strawberry, tangerine, lime, sage, blueberry, indigo, and grape
hues, was now dim and unremarkably empty, a single westering yellow
sun hidden from view.
   "And here we shall part ways.  Here comes my associate with your
'master' and that strange hobbit woman, Spiegel."
   A hulk of a Man was herding a bedraggled and miserable-looking Frodo
and an even more miserable-looking Spiegel along.  His clothing
was scant and he wore fur-lined boots and bore a gigantic two-handed
sword.
   "What ho, Cimmerian?" cried Corbin.  "What is best in life?"
   "Crush da enemy, see dem driven before me, and listen to da
lamentations of dere women!" grinned the barbarian.
   "How--?  HOW did he get that - TRAITOR - out of Sauron's grip?"
shouted a flabbergasted Sam.
   "Let us ask him," suggested Corbin amiably.  "How did you rescue
them, my friend?"
   "I had some... help," the huge man replied, his grin widening.
   Suddenly, and with only a whisper of sound, a huge bronze dragon
materialized between the parties.  Astride it sat a proud warrior,
only vaguely human-looking, with a silver hand.  Behind him was
seated an albino personage of regal bearing and unreadable
countenance.  His eyes held a chilling intelligence as he regarded
Sam and Gullible wryly.  Strapped to the man's waist was a very
large black runesword that reminded Sam of Dagnabit, the incredibly
talkative blade of Turin that had driven him, ironically, to fall
upon it in order to smother its incessant babbling.  The bronze
dragon belched flames unhurriedly and spat out a brownish,
sweet-smelling substance on the ground.
   "Very good!" exclaimed Corbin enthusiastically.  "That's better
than I thought.  Did you complete the extraction without any hassles?"
   "A little collateral damage," admitted the barbarian, nodding at
the first prince, who shifted his position to reveal a bound and
gagged Gorbush, and Spiegel, whose thin ankles were bound with
orcish rope.  The latter sniveled and burst into fresh tears.
"Thug, C'rum, we hates it forever, <i>enron, enron</i>!" she hissed,
distraught.
   Corbin spoke decisively.  "That's enough, Konan.  Why don't you
untie them now?"  The barbarian complied silently as Corbin mused,
"How would the two of you like to come with me to a place where
there are many orcs, well-treated and free from the domination of
such a one as yon Sauron?"  Gorbush continued to snore obliviously.
   At this Spiegel perked up.  She mustered her dignity and looked at
Corbin levelly, no mean feat considering their difference in height.
   "Come.  We are needed.  There is much that you can do."
   Corbin bent low to Sam, Gullible, and Frodo, whom the Cimmerian
war chief had shoved into the reunited group.  "Remember - trust no
one.  The truth is... out there.  And the next time you meet a 
strange girl who escaped from some lab, don't be so surprised if she
can beat the crap out of you."  Corbin winked conspiratorially and
stood.  "It's time to go," he called to the royal dragon-riders and the
barbarian, who followed a newly resolute-looking Spiegel as she strode
alongside the bronze.  "To Britannica first, and thence... to Draino!"
cried Corbin.  Together the party of six strode into the distance and
vanished.
   Scant seconds had passed when another man with no ears, dressed in
silver and black, carrying a silver harp and an eerily similar blade,
staggered into view.  His hair was dark but seemed unnaturally reddish
at the roots.  Sam, Gullible, and Frodo pointed in unison.  "Next
shade over!"

   Sam quickly took charge of the reunited group, over the expected
grumblings of Frodo and the unexpected consternation of Gullible,
who now seemed sullen and withdrawn.  Sam rallied both to march on.
At length they stopped, and sat side by side, their backs against a
boulder.  All were sweating.  Frodo tried to eat a few handfuls of
the artificial snow and realized that it had no effect on his
thirst.  "If Sauron himself was to offer me a glass of water, I'd
shake his hand," he gasped.
   "Don't say such things, ye traitor, or I'll cut ye throot!" snarled
Sam.  Then he stretched himself out, dizzy and weary, and he spoke
no more for a while.  At last with a struggle he got up again.  As
he expected, Frodo was fast asleep.  "Wake up, pig!" he said.  "Come
on, ye soft slob!  You've hardly walked in days."
   Sam kicked Frodo in the ribs and elbowed Gullible for good measure,
though the latter was wide awake.  "MOVE out, lazy asses, or I'll
kick ye all the way to the Mountain, and that's a fact!  DOUBLE
TIME!"  He now led the way, northward as near as he could guess,
among the stones and boulders lying thick at the bottom of the
great ravine.
   Frodo continued to whine until Sam relented and handed over his
cloak, which Frodo swapped with his heavier orc jacket.  "That's
better!" sighed Frodo.  "I feel much cooler.  I can go on now.
But this campus is really depressing.  As I read theory in Sauron's
library, Sam, I tried to remember the Brandywine Bar, Woody's End,
and The Water - any of the fine pubs in Hobbiton.  But I can't see
them now."
   "Will you stop talking of water!" cried Sam.
   "If only the Lady could see us or hear us, I'd say to her: 'You
imperialist oppressor, all we want is light and water: just clean
water and plain flashlights, not this bottled phosphorescent ooze
that's probably irradiating us all.'"  He hauled the Phial, now
glowing with its own faint green light, out of its lead-lined bag
and shook it at a cringing Gullible and Frodo.  "But it's a long
way to Lorien and that crazy--" Sam sighed and gesticulated
wildly towards the heights of the Ethel Duwap, now only to be
guessed as a deeper blackness against the black sky.
   As Frodo, Sam, and Gullible stood and gazed, the rim of light
spread all along the line of the Ethel Duwap, and then they saw two
shapes, moving at a great speed out of the West, at first only a
pair of specks against the glimmering strip above the mountain-tops,
but growing, until they plunged like a bolt into the dark canopy and
passed high above them.  As they zipped along, bobbing in the
breeze, the disembodied voice of a Nazdaq sent out a song in a
long, reverberating baritone; but this tune no longer held any
terror for them: it was the song of the washed-up, ill tidings
for the Dark Tower.  The Leech-king had met Ms. Eowynifred of
Edoras City, Edoras, and her significant <i>ohtar</i>.
   Sam's quick spirits sank again almost at once.  Even nestled in
his pocket, the burden of the Ring felt like an awful weight strapped
to his waist - like the millstone of Sandyman's oppression!  He
looked at Frodo suspiciously, wondering if he realized the effect
his words were having.  Making a quick decision, he hauled Frodo
aside, out of Gullible's view, surreptitiously slipping the ring
from its chain and holding it at the base of his thumb.  "You look
pale, Frodo," he observed with mock concern.  "I've got one
thing I wanted: a phaser.  Enough to help us, though I guess it's
dangerous too.  Try a bit further, and then have a rest.  But take
a morsel to eat now, a bit of the Elves' food; it may hearten you."
Pulling a <i>twinkie</i> from his pack and unfolding the <i>forlorn</i> leaf
from it, he jammed his thumb into it quickly, then divided it into
three pieces and handed one each to Gullible and Frodo.  Swallowing
the sweet, spongy cake as best they could with their parched
mouths, they plodded on as Sam strode with a smug grin that neither
of the others noticed.
   The light grew no stronger, for Mount Viagra was still belching
forth a tremendous blue fume that, beaten upwards by the opposing
airs, mounted higher and higher, until it reached a region above
the wind and spread in an immeasurable roof, whose central pillar
rose out of the shadows beyond their view.  They had trudged for
more than an hour when they heard a sound that brought them to a
halt.  Unbelievable, but unmistakable.  Water trickling.  Out of
a little gully, so sharp and narrow that it looked as if the ground
had been generated by some low-grade terraforming software, water
came dripping down: the last remains, maybe, of some sweet rain
gathered from far distant seas, but ill-fated to fall at last upon
the walls of the Black Land and wander fruitless through the UNM
campus.  Here it came out of the rock in a little silver creek,
and flowed across the path, and turning south ran away swiftly to
be lost among the dead stones.
   Sam sprang towards the banks eagerly.  "If ever I see the Lady
again, I will tell her!" he cried.  "THIS is potable water, not
that two-in-one watch dial paint she gave us!"  Then he stopped.
"You drink first, Frodo," he said.
   "All right, but there's room enough for two."
   "I didn't mean that," said Sam.  "I mean: if it's poisonous, or
something that will show its badness quick, well, Master Bilbo
was always going on about <i>noblesse oblige</i>, if you understand me."
   "I do, you worthless scum.  But I think we'll trust our luck
together, Sam; or our blessing.  Still, be careful now, if it's
very cold!"  Frodo's tongue was still numb from the touch of the
magical sparkling snow.
   The water was cool but not icy, and it had an unpleasant taste,
like that of carbonated water laced with caffeine and brominated
vegetable oil, or so they would have said at home.  Here it seemed
beyond all praise, or indeed any aversion to caffeine overdose. 
They drank their fill, and Sam replenished his water-bottle.  After
that Frodo felt easier, and they went on for several blocks, until
the broadening of the road and the beginnings of a rough wall along
its edge warned them that they were drawing near to another campus
building.
   "This is where we turn aside, Gullible," muttered Sam distractedly.
"Now, according to the folding map that came with the Deed, we must
turn east."  He sighed as he looked at the gloomy ridges across the
valley.  "I have just about enough strength left to get up to the
College of Law there.  And then I've got to get some sleep."
   The river-bed was now some way below the path. "You go to sleep
first, Frodo," he said.  "It's getting dark again.  I reckon this
day is nearly over."  Frodo was, of course, asleep before the words
were fully spoken.  Sam struggled with his own weariness, expecting
Frodo to attack him for the Ring, but not daring to reveal his
subterfuge; and there he sat silent till deep night fell.  Then at
last, to keep himself awake, he crawled from the hiding-place and
looked out.  The land seemed full of legal briefs being shuffled
and books being unshelved and sly noises, but there was no other
sound.
   They woke together, hand in hand in hand.  All withdrew their hands
in shock and looked at each other warily.  Sam was almost fresh, ready
for another day; but Frodo sighed.  His sleep had been uneasy, filled
with dreams of being impaled upon a Tree of Pain by an aristocratic-
looking fellow whom everyone called "Count", and waking brought him no
comfort. Still his sleep had not been without all healing virtue: he
was stronger, more able to stagger along through the huge campus.
Strangely enough there was no mass transit here, though Lithlad
Station had been a hotbed of activity.  They did not know the time,
nor how long they had slept; but after a little wandering and search
they found a covered walkway that took them partway across the Upper
Quad.
   Against his earlier expectation, Sam now hoped that Frodo might
survive until they could get back to Hobbiton - who there would believe
that Frodo had willingly signed over Bag End to him?
   "Since you've got the map," he asked casually, "have you any notion
how far there is still to go?"
   "Uh, see, it's like this," Frodo answered.  "You know how Sauron
kept sending me to those World Cultures and Geopolitics lectures?"
   "Yes, and--?"
   "Well, they kept impressing upon us how the political boundaries
of Mordor, internal and external, were changing all the time,
and the geography was in upheaval, too, what with it straddling
the thrust fault zone that Mount V--"
   "You threw away the map, DIDN'T YOU!  AAAAAARGH!"  In a fit of
rage Sam tackled to Frodo the ground and raised his fist to pummel
the hapless hobbit to a bloody pulp.  Before his hand descended,
however, it occurred to Sam that killing Frodo would not help
him recover any information.  Instead he yanked the Phial of
Galadriel out of Frodo's jacket again and pressed it to Frodo's
forehead.  A cold sweat beaded across it instantly as Frodo squirmed
to get away from the highly radioactive solution of radium and
phosphorus isotopes.  Within moments he stopped writhing and begging
and became lucid.
   "All right, here's what I remember from El Rond's maps in
Rivendell - bear in mind, this was made when Sauron was still in
Don Guldur and so it's subject to change, and the elevation is still
not as accurate as lat-long, but it's better than the propagandistic
maps on the Deed and the jammed GPS surveys that Jîvz showed me.
I remember clearest that there was a place in the north where the
western range and the northern range send out spurs that nearly
meet.  That must be over sixty miles from the bridge back by the
Tower.  It might be a good point at which to cross.  But of
course, if we get there, we shall be further than we were from
the Mountain, about the same distance as from the bridge I should
think.  I guess that we have gone about thirty miles north from
the bridge now, twenty-five to the outskirts of campus and eighty
or so blocks cross-town through campus itself and over the high
street before the tents.  Even if all goes well, we could hardly
reach the Mountain in a week.  I am afraid, Sam, that the burden
will get very heavy, and you shall go still slower as we get
nearer."
   "You let me worry about that," answered Sam, withdrawing the
Phial and carefully replacing it in the lead-lined pouch.  He'd have
to remember the Phial as a way of making people talk; perhaps the
Lady had done him a favor after all.  "Well, to say nothing of
water, we've got to eat less, or else move a bit quicker, at any
rate while we're still in this valley.  One more bite and all the
food's ended, save the Elves' breakfast cakes."
   "Come on then! Let's start another march!" said Sam for what
seemed the hundreth time.
   "I'll try and be a bit quicker, Master," said Frodo, still
supine, drawing a deep breath and shuddering in relief.
   The trek continued interminably.  Still far away, forty miles at
least, they saw Mount Viagra, its feet founded in ashen ruin, its
huge cone rising to an artificially-maintained height, where its
caldera was swathed in cloud.  Its fires were now dimmed, and it
stood in smouldering slumber, as threatening and dangerous as a
hobbit's appetite between lunch and tea.  Behind it there hung a
vast shadow, ominous as a thesis defense, the veils of Barad-dur.
The Dark Power had returned to this stronghold and was now deep in
thought, and the Eye turned inward, pondering a high-resolution
videoteleconferencing system: a bright sword, and a still-overweight
but now dignified face it saw, and for a while it gave little thought 
to other things; and all its great campus, gate on gate, and building
on building, was wrapped in a brooding gloom.
   It was not yet quite dark again.  They plodded along, on into the
night.  The hours passed in a weary stumbling trudge with a few brief
halts as Frodo complained of a burning sensation on his temples.
Sam looked at the "burns" and concluded that Frodo's hypochondria was
getting the best of him.  At the first hint of grey light under the
skirts of the canopy of shadow they hid themselves again in a dark
hollow under an overhanging stone.
   He gave Frodo water and an additional <i>twinkie</i>, and he made a
pillow of his jacket to squelch Frodo's incessant claims of
a splitting headache.  Sam did not bother to tell Frodo that he
had drunk the last drop of their water, and eaten Sam's share of
the food as well as his own.  He expected as much gratitude from
his former master as he did from Gandalf. When Frodo was asleep Sam
bent over him and listened to his breathing and scanned his face.
With surprise he noted that Frodo's thick hair had begun to fall
out in clumps, and that even the light fuzz on the backs of his feet
was thinning.   "Well, if he croaked, it would serve him right!"
Sam muttered to himself.  "But I'll not have it on my head.  Water
we must have, or he'll die of thirst before anything else does him
in."

   Sam, Frodo, and Gullible gazed out in mingled loathing and wonder on
this hateful land.  Between them and the smoking mountain, and about
it north and south, all seemed ruinous and dead, a desert burned and
choked.  They wondered how the Lord of this realm maintained and fed
his research and teaching assistants.  Yet students he had.  As far
as their eyes could reach, along the skirts of the Morgai and away
southward, there were camps of brightly-colored tents, some ordered
like small towns.  One of the largest of these was right below them.
Barely a mile out into the plain it clustered like some huge nest of
insects, with straight dreary streets of huts and long low drab
buildings.  At the western margin, a roundish green one made from
Elvish-looking canvas read <i>PUHJAFOONI/TELEFON</i>.  About it the ground
was busy with folk going to and fro with a strange spring in their
steps; a wide road ran from it south-west to join the
Morgul-way, and along it many lines of small black shapes were
hurrying.
   "I don't like the look of things at all," said Sam.  "Pretty
hopeless, I call it, saving that where there's such a lot of folk
there must be wells or water, not to mention food.  And these are
Men, not Orcs, or my eyes are all wrong... wait, is that a BALROG
down there singing?"
   Truth to tell, the trio could see the camp teeming with Men,
Elves, dragons, and even a few Ents and Hobbits.  Neither he nor Frodo
knew anything of the duchy of Nurn away south in this wide realm,
full of graduate students toiling in the fields by the dark sad waters
of Lake Nurnenshire, nor of the great roads that ran away east and
south to tributary lands, from which the soldiers of the Tower brought
long waggon-trains of chocolate and booty and new dwellers in the camp.
Here in the northward regions were the mines and forges, and the
musterings of a long-planned conspiracy; and here the Dark Power,
moving its armies like pieces on the board, was gathering them
together.  Its first moves, the first feelers of its strength, had
been checked upon its western line, southward and northward.  For
the moment it withdrew them, and brought up new forces, massing them
about Cirith Goofy for an avenging stroke.  And if it had also been
its purpose to defend the Mountain against all approach, it could
scarcely have done more.
   Frodo squatted upon the outer marge of this strange and wondrous
commune, or so it seemed to him.  He sat thus while long hours
were measured by the wheeling clouds above him, noticing only
belatedly, when his stomach began to growl, that Sam and Gullible
had beaten a hasty retreat.  The hills echoed with his plaintive
wails.

   Meanwhile, more than half a league away, Sam and Gullible had
hardly begun to breathe more freely again when harsh and loud they
heard orc-voices.  Quickly they slunk out of sight behind a brown
and stunted bush.  The voices drew nearer.  Presently five orcs
came into view.  Four were clad in all-weather parkas of the kind
Frodo had just thrown away; they were small, slack jawed and
sharp-eyed, with wide nostrils at which they picked with the hands
that were not holding their short bows: evidently trackers of some
kind.  The other was a large bearded orc, like those of Lugnardo's
company, bearing the token of the Eye upon a great white apron.
He wore a tall, bouffant hat and carried a short blade in one hand
and a pronged weapon in his other.  As usual they were quarrelling,
and being of different nationalities they used the Common Speech
instead of the tongues of their old countries or the cant of their
respective character classes.
   Hardly twenty paces from where the hobbits lurked the small orcs
stopped.  "Screw you guys!" the plumpest one snarled.  "I'm going
home."  It pointed across the valley to the orc-hold.  "I'm not gonna
wear my nose out on stones any more.  There's not a trace left, man.
I've lost the scent thanks to your body odors.  They went up into the
hills, not along the valley, I tell you."
   "Not much use are you, big fat ass?" said one of the other trackers,
wearing a blue and red helmet adorned with the Lidless Eye.
   "Yeah, snot-nose!" chimed another, wearing a light greenish
leather helm.
   The last of the trackers, zipped tightly into his hooded orange
parka, mumbled an unintelligible phrase that Sam suspected was
obscene.
   "Oh, yah?" snarled the first tracker.  "Up yours!  You don't even
know what we're looking for!"
   "It's not our fault we got bad information!" shouted the second
tracker.
   "Yeah, you heard the Nazdaq!  He said there were nine people and
a dragon we were after: two dragon-riders; a barbarian; four
halflings, one woman and three men; an orc; and an Emberite. What a
load of BS!" concluded the third.
   "Yeah, those guys are on crack!" agreed the second.
   "You idiots!" said the first tracker.  "YOU'RE on crack!  The
Emberite probably isn't even IN this shade anymore, and I've seen
only three sets of tracks, so he probably took the dragon and five
of the people with him!"
   "What do YOU know, big fat ass?!" shouted the second tracker.
   "Yeah," added the third.  "Maybe the dragon took to the air and
is carrying the rest."  At this the fourth tracker mumbled his
assent.
   "Respect my authoritah, or ah'm gonna report you!"
   "Who to?  Not to your precious Lugnardo!  He's the first one
those dragon-riders knocked senseless on their way in to get the
halflings!" laughed the third tracker.
   "Whassa matter, fat ass, can't take the heat?" mocked the second.
   The other halted, and his voice was full of fear and rage.
"Ah... hate you gahs... SO MUCH..." he choked as he drew his bow.
Suddenly he pointed it at the other three and released. The first
two dodged swiftly, but the arrow struck the last tracker squarely
in the torso.  Black blood began to stain his parka as he slumped
soundlessly to the ground.
   "Lord of Darkness!  He killed Snaga!" cried the second orc.
   "You bastard!" shouted the third.
   "Kids, kids!" cried the big orc.  "It's all right... you know,
hunting the forces of light reminds me of a song that HE taught us
to sing, all the way back in the First Age..."

     <i>You say you serve the Master...
     But who's the boss of you?
     Not just any old bastard
     Vampire or Balrog, fool!
     You gotta know who owns your soul
     And if you done forget his name
     He'll throw you in a bottomless hole
     'Cause baby, he's the King of PAAAAAAAAIIIIN!

     Tell me who's your Dark Lord, baaaaaby?
     Don't give me no ifs, buts, or maaaybes!
     He'll show you why hate is fun
     'Cause he's the King of the Night
     Drown Manwe, Varda and the sun!
     And he's sexy like a barrow wiiiiight!
     Now don't he look smooth like an evil god...
     Time to make sweet looooove and a little pod!</i>

"Oops, sorry, children," muttered the singer abstractedly.
   At this, Sam and Gullible snapped out of their trancelike
stupor.  For a while they had sat in silence, listening with a
mixture of wonderment, shock, disgust, and bemusement, unable to
turn away.  Now, Gullible stirred.  "Pods!  Who would have thought
it, eh, <i>saddam</i>?   If this nice friendlinesss would spread about
in Mordor, half our trouble would be over."
   But the large orc was not finished.  "Ladies and gentleorcs, Mr.
Elton John!" he cried, still oblivious to any onlookers except
the trackers.
   "Quickly, Gullible," Sam whispered.  "There may be others about!"
The hobbits took their leave while the leaving was good.

   As they trudged on, Sam continued: "We have evidently had a very
narrow escape, and the hunt was hotter on our tracks than we
guessed.  I feared it was so.  But that is the spirit of Mordor,
Gullible; and it has spread to every corner of it.  Orcs have always
behaved like that, or so all the stereotypes say, when they are on
their own.  But you can't get much hope out of it.  They hate our
quaint agrarian and semi-pastoral culture far more than they love
their strange mix of high- and low-brow entertainment.  If those
five had seen us, they would have dropped all their quarrel until
we were back in Sauron's grip.  This is what I came to understand
at Sauron's retreat."
   There was another long silence.  Sam broke it again, but with a
whisper this time.  "Did you hear what they said about 'three male
halflings'?  But that means..." and they both turned in unison as
if to look at Frodo, who was now so far behind them that they
could hardly spot even a speck on the horizon.
   "I feared it was so," said Sam uncharacteristically, "I tell
you, when I think of that Frodo I get so hot I could disintegrate
him right on the spot!"

   Slowly the light grew, until it was clearer than it yet had been.
A strong wind from the West was now driving the fumes of Mordor from
the upper airs.  Before long the hobbits could make out the shape of
the land for some miles about them.  The trough between the
mountains and the Morgai had steadily dwindled as it climbed
upwards, and the inner ridge was now no more than a shelf in the
steep faces of the Ethel Duwap; but to the east it fell as sheerly
as ever down into the south parking lot of the Mall.  Ahead the
water-course came to an end in broken steps of rock; for out from
the main range there sprang a high barren spur, thrusting eastward
like a wall.  To meet it there stretched out from the grey and misty
northern range of Ered Lithography a long jutting mass of stone
shaped like a giant beak: Carach Malden.  Between the ends there was
a narrow gap: the Orthancmouthe, beyond which lay the deep dale of
Ufat.  In that dale behind the Morononn were the tunnels and deep
armouries that the servants of Mordor had made for the defence of the
Black Gate of their land; and there now their Lord was gathering in
haste great forces to meet the onslaught of the Captains of the West™.
Upon the out-thrust spurs forts and towers were built, and
watch-fires burned; and all across the gap an earth-wall had been
raised, and a deep trench delved that could be crossed only by a
single bridge.
   A few miles north, high up in the angle where the western spur
branched away from the main range, Sam and Gullible quaked at the
sign of doom that stood before them: the old castle of
Wolfenstein™, now one of the many orc-holds that clustered
about the dale of Ufat.  A road, already visible in the growing
light, came winding down from it, until only a mile or two from
where the hobbits lay it turned east and ran along a shelf cut
in the side of the spur, and so went down into the plain, and on
to the Orthancmouthe.
   To the hobbits as they looked out it seemed that all their journey
north had been for nothing.  The plain to their right was filled
with flames, and they could see there neither camps nor troops
moving; but all that region was under the vigilance of the forts
of Carach Malden.
   "We have come to a dead end, Gullible," said Sam.  "If we go on,
we shall only come up to that orc-castle, but the only road to
take is that road that comes down from it - unless we fight our
way through, level by level.  I was never any good at those
three-D first-person shooters."

   Gullible crept out wearily, and flitting from stone to stone
with more than hobbit-care, he went down to the water-course, and
then followed it for some way as it climbed north, until he came
to the rock-steps where long ago, no doubt, its spring had come
gushing down in a little waterfall.  All now seemed dry and
silent; but not wanting to go back and listen to Sam's disturbed
nightmare-mumblings, he stooped and listened, and to his relief he
caught the sound of trickling.  Clambering a few steps up he
spotted Frodo standing over a tiny stream of dark water that came
out from the hill-side, and realized with some annoyance what source
of the sound was.
   When Frodo had finished defiling the water, Gullible clambered a
few yards further upstream and tasted it, and it seemed good enough.
Then he drank deeply, refilled the bottle, and turned to go back.
   "Well, luck did not let uss down," he muttered, "but that was a
near thing!  Isn't it enough to have orcses by the thousand AND the
people of Gondor™ on their way without that idiot hovering about,
<i>saddam</i>?  If we catches him again, I'll have to kill him myself, or
he'll give uss away, or even the Fat Lord, <i>saddam</i>!"  He sat down by
Sam and did not rouse him, for fear that he'd have to listen to an
all-night bleating, griping, whimpering, so-you-can't-sleep moan-fest.
Proletarian or bourgeois, these Hobbiton types were all alike...
stark raving insane.  But the wretch did not dare to go to sleep
himself.  At last, when he felt his eyes closing and knew that his
struggle to keep awake could not go on much longer, he wakened Sam,
cringing.
   "That Frodo is back again, Mr. Samwise," he said.  "If it wasn't him,
then there iss two of him - ach, ss! - forget we said that, preciouss!"
   "What?!  You mean he was here?  But he could have killed me,
Gullible!" cried Sam.  "Why didn't you track him down and stun him with
my phaser?  He could have given our position to the orcs!  You'll gladly
strangle your own kind with or without the Ring, but a murdering sneak
thief, noooo, those are your kind of people, or should I say your
ILK--" Sam spat.
   Gullible shook his head.  "Plus ca change, plus c'est le meme chose,"
he muttered, an aphorism he had learned while in Sauron's keeping.

   Some twelve miles further they halted, resting at a bend in the
road. They had hardly started on their way again when suddenly in the
stillness of the night they heard the sound that all along they had
secretly dreaded: the noise of singing. It was still some way behind
them, but even without looking back at the torch-bearing line, they
could hear voices, some droning monotonically, some chanting out of
key, all in rapid onset.
   "I feared it, Gullible," said Sam, receiving a dirty look in return.
"We've trusted to luck, and it has failed us.  We're trapped at last!"
he said.  He sank to the ground beneath the wall of rock and fingered
the safety catch of his phaser.  Gullible sat down wearily beside him.
   They did not have to wait long.  The orcs were going at a great
pace.  This group, short and squat, seemed to have skin with a
light blue tinge and the maws of the soldiers gaped to an
impossible size.  Those in the foremost files bore torches.  On
they came, red flames in the dark, swiftly growing.  Now Sam too
bowed his head and covered their feet with backpacks, hoping that
it would hide their appearance when the singers reached them; but
at length he realized that it was impossible to blend into this
crowd.
   "If only they are in a hurry and will let a couple of tired
students alone and pass on!" he thought.
   And so it seemed that they would.  The leading orcs came loping
along, panting, holding their heads down.  They were a gang of
the smaller half-Toon breeds being driven unwilling to their
Dark Lord's wars; all they cared for was to get the march over
and be able to stop singing.

     <i>We don't want to look like Toons today
     But the Animé Lords say "Nay, nay, nay!"
     We're gonna sing all day, all day, all day!
     Where there's some Dip there's a way!</i>

Beside them, hovering up and down the line, went two of the large
fierce <i>daleks</i>, flicking wet brushes at the feet of the orcs
and muttering "DIS-IN-TE-GRATE!".  File after file passed, and the
tell-tale torchlight was already some way ahead.  Sam held his breath.
Now more than half the line had gone by.  Then suddenly one of the
slave-drivers spied the two figures by the road-side.  He flicked a
brush at them and yelled: "GET-UP!"  They did not answer, and
with a monotonic whistle he halted the whole company.
   "REBELS OF MORDOR, THIS IS YOUR LAST OFFER - OUR FINAL WARNING.
LEAVE YOUR RESTING PLACE.  JOIN THE WAR-MARCH.  YOU WILL BE FED AND
WATERED.  WORK IS NEEDED FROM YOU - BUT THE DALEK-HAI OFFER YOU
LIFE.  DESERT YOUR POST AND THE DALEK-HAI WILL DIP YOU AND
OBLITERATE YOUR INKS COMPLETELY.  YOU WILL DIE.  TRACKERS,
SOLDIERS, PODS.  THE DALEK-HAI OFFER YOU LIFE!!!"
   Feeling a strange animosity in response to the use of all-caps and
multiple exclamation points, they struggled to their feet, and
keeping bent, limping like footsore soldiers, they shuffled back
towards the rear of the line.  "NO-NO, NOT-AT-THE-REAR!!" the
slave-driver shouted.  "RANK-THREE, FILE-TWO-AND-THREE!"  He sent
his long Dip-impregnated brush whistling over their heads and they
feigned fear; then with another long tone he started the company off
again at a brisk trot.
   It was hard enough for poor Sam, who had painted the doors in Bag
End without adequate ventilation on many a summer evening; but for
Gullible it was a torment, and soon a nightmare.  He set his teeth,
trying to stop his head from spinning at the fumes, and he
struggled on.  The stench of both inks and solvent dripping from
the singing orcs about him was stifling, and he began to gasp and
cough.  On, on they went, and he bent all his will to draw his
breath and to make his legs keep going; and yet to what evil end
he toiled and endured he did not dare to think.  There was no hope
of falling out unseen: Now and again the orc-driver fell back and
beeped at them.
   "DIS-IN-TE-GRATE!" he jeered, flicking the brush at their legs.
"KEEP-SINGING!  WHERE THERE'S SOME DIP THERE'S A WAY!"  The voice
of the <i>dalek</i> held nearly no modulation.
   They had gone some miles, and the road was at last running down a
long slope into the plain, when Gullible's strength began to give out
and his will wavered.  He lurched and stumbled.  Desperately, Sam
tried to help him and hold him up, though he felt that he could himself
hardly stay the pace much longer.  At any moment now he knew that the
end would come: the weakling would faint or fall, and all would be
discovered, and their bitter efforts be in vain.  "I'll have that big
slave-driving monstrosity with this phaser, anyway," he thought.
   Then just as he was putting his hand to the handle of the phase
pistol, there came an unexpected relief.  They were out on the plain
now and drawing near the entrance to Ufat.  Some way in front of it,
before the gate at the bridge-end, the road from the west converged
with others coming from the south, and from Barad-dur.  Along all the
roads troops were moving; for the Captains of the West™ were
advancing and the Dark Lord was speeding his forces north.  So it
chanced that several companies - Toons, half-Toons, and full-blooded
orcs - came together at the road-meeting, in the dark beyond the
light of the watch-fires on the wall.  At once there was great
jostling and cursing as each troop tried to get first to the gate
and the ending of their songs.  Though the drivers yelled and plied
their dips (or whips), scuffles broke out and some gun arms were
deployed.  A troop of heavily-studded <i>daleks</i> from Barad-dur charged
into the Durthang line and threw them into confusion.
   Dazed as he was with the awful mind-numbing singing, Sam woke up,
grasped quickly at his chance, and threw himself to the ground,
dragging Gullible down with him.  As they fell, one of the toon orcs
behind them was blasted by an enemy <i>dalek</i> gun and went spinning
into oblivion.  Slowly on hand and knee the hobbits crawled away out
of the escalating melee, until at last unnoticed they dropped over
the further edge of the road.  It had a magnetized guardrail by
which even the headless troop-leaders could guide themselves, and
it was banked up some feet above the level of the open land.
   They lay still for a while.  It was too dark to seek for cover, if
indeed there was any to find; but Sam felt that they ought at least to
get further away from the highways and out of the range of <i>dalek</i>
biosensors.
   "Come on, ye git!" he whispered.  "One more crawl, and then you can
lie still."
   With a last despairing effort Gullible raised himself on his hands,
and struggled on for maybe twenty yards.  Then he pitched down into
a shallow pit that opened unexpectedly before them, and there he lay
like a dead thing.


As the grey light of morning came again to Mordor, Sam woke and looked
about the hollow where he and Gulible had taken refuge the previous
night.  A foul sump of oily water ringed with lurid algae lay at its
bottom, and as he slept Sam had slid down nearly to its edge.  Gulible
was nowhere to be seen.
  Unwilling yet to move, Sam thought through the whirlwind of events
that had landed him in this unhappy place.  Affection, revenge, and
simple inertia had carried him this far, but weariness at last led him
to frankly consider the task that lay ahead.
  "Was this the job I was hired to do when I started?" Sam asked
himself.  "To help Mr. Frodo into his inheritance and then die with
him?  Well, that is my job, but I'm nowt but a ninnyhammer if I go
through with it.  I would dearly like to see Bywater again, with Rosie
leading the Revolution at my side.  Much as I'd like to see Mr. Frodo
draw his last breath, this quest is useless; it's high time I cut my
losses and head home.
  "Still," he thought, "I can't think somehow that Gandalf and Elrond
would have sent Mr. Frodo on this errand if there hadn't a' been any
hope of his coming back with more money for them to take.  What do I
have to show for all the work I've done these past months?  A deed
signed over that nobody will believe, Mr. Frodo gone so I can't bring
him back to the Shire to set off the Revolution, and a lot o' wasted
blackmail that won't do no good either way.  If I'm to get anything
out of this at all, the Ring must go into the Fire and Frodo's got to
live through it... for a little while.  Why am I left all alone to
make up my mind?"
  At that thought, Sam began to wonder where Gulible had gone.  He
bent his knees to stand, only to find that his feet had dipped down
near the water in the night and were now covered by a thin layer of
ruby red growth, moist and sparkling in the growing daylight.  With a
cry he scraped the algae away as best he could, using dirt and gravel
to scour it off.  Eventually the worst was gone, and all that was left
was a light silvery sheen that persisted for days.
  Sam walked up out of the hollow.  The land all about was dreary,
flat, and drab-hued: a sparsly populated urban wasteland strugling to
maintain a meager existence between the inhabited regions of Mordor.
Wide and featureless vacant lots, some dry and barren, some filled
with tall brown grasses, were interspersed with occasional buildings:
broken and tumbled remnants of failed restaurants, motels, and
convenience marts lined the roads.  A few miles to the north-west, a
pair of long-abandoned apartment buildings stood like sombre grey
ghosts, for few would tolerate the long commute.  South-eastward, far
off like an erect sapphire tower, rose the Mountain.  Strange smokes
spilled forth from its peak and rolled down its sides to the plains
below.
  Nothing was moving in the direction of the crossroads where they had
made their escape, but Sam thought he saw a distant hint of motion to
the east.  A great thoroughfare led that way: the road that led to the
Dark Tower itself.  Its golden cobblestones were worn and dirty with
the passage of many feet, but it remained in good repair, and taking
care not to be seen Sam nevertheless moved quickly.
  Soon a small figure came in view, dancing wildly in the middle of the
path.  Sam crept forward stealthily, until finally he peered out from
behind a crumbling wall only to see that the flailing form was that of
Gulible, who was not just dancing but singing as well.  He marvelled
that anyone other than Tom Bombadil could spout such nonsense.  But
his amusement soon turned to alarm, for Sam heard far off a noise of
tramping feet and harsh voices: Orcs were coming up the road from
Barad-dur, and soon Gulible's crazed behavior would mean discovery and
torture for them both.
  Sam leapt from his hiding place and shoved the loony off the path,
tackling him to the ground on the far side where they were hidden by
the tall growth.  As the maniac lay on the grass, Sam held his mouth
closed to keep him silent.  At first, Gulible struggled to break free,
but as the Orcs drew nearer he went silent and limp.  Intent on their
destination, the Orcs passed swiftly without so much as a glance to
either side.  Their voices receded into the distance, and Sam finally
removed his hand allowed Gulible to speak.
  "Ach, thanks," he said.  "We was thirsty, yess, and we sipped from
the water where we slept."  At this, Sam realized that what he had
taken for dirt on Gulible's face was in fact a residue of dull brownish
mold.  "We thinks just a few sipses couldn't hurt, <i>saddam</i>, but one
was enough.  It tickled our throat, yes, and burned our brain into
dust.  Dusst!  We didn't come to our senses until you knocked us down,
no, <i>saddam</i>."
  "Well," said Sam, "I've been thinking a bit, and I reckon that going
on to the Mountain will be the end of us, like as not.  Maybe we'd
best be getting away while there's a chance, and leave this dreary
land to Sauron and Mr. Frodo."
  "It mustn't say such things!" exclaimed Gulible with unexpected
force. "The Precious must go into the Fire, yess, or else we'll never
be normal again, no, <i>saddam</i>.  It gnaws at our mind all the time,
<i>saddam</i>, near or far, filling us with longings and lusst.  If the
Precious goes we'll have a healthy brain again, yes, and p'raps other
rewards, too."
  "But see here, Gulible: I want to get home again, and that's a fact.
Throwing the Ring into the Mountain won't help much if we don't live
to enjoy it.  How can we get back once it's gone?"
  "We'll tell you," he croaked, looking sidelong at Sam with a glint
in his eyes.  "We has a plan, yes, a way back when the Precious is
gone. All arranged in advance it is, yes, very secret, but we knows it.
Let Don Giovanni show you!"
  "A way back!" said Sam doubtfully, looking down at Gulible with
searching eyes.  "Why didn't you tell me about this, or Mr. Frodo?"
  "You didn't ask, <i>saddam</i>.  But now you say: let's go home.  So Don
Giovanni is very afraid.  He wants to be rid of the Precious, and
we're so close, yes, never have the chance again.  So Don Giovanni
will share his secret, <i>saddam</i>, when times is right."
  "Gulible," Sam said, "I don't like trusting you, but it don't seem
as I've got much choice, if I'm t' get any good out of this quest at
all. We need to move quickly, so let's trust to luck again and follow
the road.  We're off to seek the Mountain!"  The two travellers returned
to the path, heading east into darkness.

  Days passed as the companions walked mile after bitter mile toward
Sauron's fortress.  Their provisions dwindled quickly, until they were
left with no food but the <i>twinkies</i> of the Elves.  They did not
satisfy desire, or for that matter do much to keep the wanderers on
their feet at all.  And yet as they relied on it alone, this waybread
of the Elves gained a potency that the travellers did not suspect, for
their bodies were filled with preservatives, so that even after death
their corpses would endure beyond the measure of mortal kind.
  More pressing was their need for water.  "Water, water!" muttered
Sam, much to the frustration of Gulible who was trying to ignore his own
growing thirst.  Neither of them were willing any longer to touch the
few dubious pools of standing water that lingered in scattered basins
beside the road.  They had last filled their bottles at a fast food
French restaurant a day ago, but the exorbitant price of bottled water
in this harsh place had cost them their last penny; there was no hope
of any more.
  Eventually, the road drew even with their goal: looming above the
ruins of an old motel on their right, the blue-tinged tower of Mount
Viagra gleamed in the fading light.  Fumes and smokes began to taint
the air, adding to their thirst.  They sought shelter for the night in
the abandoned motel, but sleep long evaded them.  Dream and waking
mingled uneasily, a sure sign that their all-<i>twinkie</i> diet was
getting the best of them.
  As the night grew old, they were awakened by noises like the pitiful
cries of a tortured thing.  Creeping through the ruins, they came upon
a wimpering creature dressed in Orcish garb lying stiff on the ground,
its hands clenched into fists.  Tears seeped from its closed eyes, and
it began to chant as if to itself: "I'd be tender, I'd be gentle, and
awful sentimental regarding Orcish art!  I'd be friends with the
barrows and the Orcs who shoot the arrows if you wouldn't break my
heart!  Just because you're presumin' that I am some kind-a-human, you
went and broke my heart!"
  "Spiegel?!" exclaimed Sam.
  "Who--Sam?" she replied, confused as she woke from her own uneasy
sleep.  Her voice still seemed full of the pain that had filled her
dreams.  "What are you doing here?"
  "That's what I was just going t' ask you," he said, holding Gulible
back.  A long, lingering hug from Don Giovanni seemed to be the last
thing she would need in her current state.  "We're off to the
Mountain.  But I thought you'd gone off with Corbin, and Gorbush."
  "Corbin did just as he promised," she said, sitting up and
straightening the Orcish cloak around her shoulders.  "He took us to a
world where the Orcs were truly happy, where they could be their own
masters, free from the hatred of foe and overlord alike that surrounds
them here.  Gorbush and I looked on that world with joy, but my
happiness was short-lived.  For the first time, Gorbush was among Orcs
who were not slaves at heart: Orcish women with the same independent
spirit that drew him to me.  The last I saw, he was chasing after some
Orc-hussy named Lartip.  He never even said goodbye.
  "When Corbin stopped by to visit, he offered to bring me back here.
I just haven't had the heart to move yet; I feel all hollow and empty
inside.  I just want to sleep."  Wrapping her cloak tightly around
her, Spiegel curled into a protective little ball on the floor.  Sam
and Gulible lay back down nearby, and they all tried to get such rest
as they could before the dawn.

  The light of morning slowly filtered through the haze that
surrounded the Mountain, and a dim semblance of daylight grew about
them. Gulible packed up their things, leaving behind some old blankets
and cooking supplies that they no longer needed.  Sam stood beside
Spiegel, who was once again lying stiff and immobile on the ground.
"Wake up, Spiegel!" he said.  "Time for another journey."
  She opened her eyes, but did not rise.  "I can't manage it, Sam,"
she said.  "It is so hard to go on alone, so hard."
  Sam knew before he spoke that such words might do more harm than
good, but his feelings for the girl were still strong and he could not
keep silent.  "Then come with us for a bit, Spiegel," he said.  "You
know we'd welcome you, and gladly.  Where else would you go?"
  "I wasn't sure," she replied.  "I thought at first that I might join
back with Sauron so that I could work to make the Orcs' lives better
here; that's why Corbin dropped me off here near his tower.  But then
I thought of the happiness of the Orcs I had seen living free of his
domination, and I couldn't bear to go back to him.  I don't know what
to do.  It's hard to make choices with a broken heart."
  Sam nodded.  "It is," he said.  "But I've been thinking, maybe your
broken heart could be healed by doing a good deed, by bringing freedom
to all the Orcs in Sauron's realm.  Isn't helping them what you've
really wanted all this time?"
  "Yes," she said tentatively, "yes it is.  I don't need to be an Orc
to help the Orcs!  I can love all the Orcish people even if my heart
doesn't belong to any of them."  She paused.  "Even if it belonged to
someone else."
  As if roused by a sudden bell, Spiegel rose quickly, and stood up
and looked away southwards.  She threw off her black cloak, her heavy
belt, and even her dress: all gifts from Gorbush.  She stood there
lithe and beautiful, clad only in her undergarments, and her red hair
and green eyes glinted in the dim light.  "There, I'll be an Orc no
more," she cried.  "Let him hate me, if he will.  We're off to seek
the Mountain!"

  At last the three companions turned their faces to Mount Viagra and
set out.  Their spirits were higher than could be expected from their
poor night's sleep.  It helped that Spiegel had a little water to
share, the last of what was left for her by Corbin.  Even a mouthful
helped tremendously, and the Mountain's fumes did not hurt their
throats quite as much as they had the previous day.  In fact, Sam and
Gulible found that the tainted air seemed somehow to stiffen their
resolve, helping them rise to the challenge that lay before them.
Spiegel felt no such inspiration, but she was not as weary as they
were, and drew fresh strength from her recovering spirits.
  The land was rough and hostile, and yet they made much progress, and
ever the Mountain drew nearer.  No buildings were to be found here,
far from the road, and the fields were overgrown and untended.  Late
in the afternoon they walked through a field of poppies, and Sam was
surprised to find himself making a mental note to tell Morrie about
the prospects for opium exports here.  Now the bulk of Mount Viagra
loomed vast before them: a huge mass of ash and slag wreathed in
bluish fumes, out of which a sheer-sided shaft stabbed skyward into
the clouds.
  All too soon the light began to fail, and the renewed hope and
strength that had carried them through the day began to falter in the
growing dark.  Sam and Spiegel trudged slower and slower, and Gulible
began to stagger as the harsh air and long march finally took their
toll.  At the base of the Mountain, he sank down and said: "I'm
thirsty, Sam," and did not speak again.  Sam gave him a mouthful of
their precious water, and Gulible quickly fell into a deep sleep, his
breath rattling in his chest.
  Sam and Spiegel tried to rest as well, but all the doubts that they
had set aside in the light of day came back to haunt them that night.
As they both tossed and turned, Sam's spirits sank lower than they had
in days.  Tears welled in his eyes at the thought that he might never
see his Rosie again.  Desperate to focus on a pleasant thought, he
spoke quietly to Spiegel: "Do you remember our time in the hot tower
in Disgiliath, the day we met the eagle?"
  For several slow heartbeats, Spiegel was silent.  "I know that such
things happened," she finally said, "but it seems so very long ago.
Since Gorbush left me, no taste of food, no feel of water, no memory
of tree or grass or flower have any meaning for me."  She paused for a
moment, and then two.  "I am naked in the dark, Sam."
  The seconds passing in the night seemed endless, timeless.  At last
he groped for Spiegel's hand.  It was cold and trembling.  She was
shivering.
  "I didn't ought to have left my blanket behind," muttered Sam; and
lying down he tried to comfort Spiegel with his arms and body.  Sleep
took them, and the dim light of the last day of their quest found them
side by side, as slowly the light of the unseen Sun filtered down into
the shadows where the three hobbits lay.

  "Wake up, wake up!  Wake up, sleepies!" Gulible croaked, clawing at
Sam and Spiegel where they lay.  "No time to lose.  We must go, yes,
we must go at once.  No time to lose!"  Spiegel sat up suddenly and
seized him by the arm, and then pulled herself to her feet.  Sam
groaned, but with a great effort of will he staggered up as well.  A
sense of urgency which he did not understand came to him, and he saw
that the others also seemed to have felt the call.
  "We sees something," Gulible whispered nervously, "something moving
around the base of the Mountain, <i>saddam</i>.  Don Giovanni tries to
follow, <i>saddam</i>, but it was tricksy, yes, and it slipped away."
  "Could it have been Mr. Frodo?" Sam asked.
  "Frodo?" asked Spiegel.  "I assumed he had gone back to study with
Sauron.  What would he be doing here?"
  "He got distracted, yes, went off on his own," answered Gulible.
"Maybe he wants to help destroy the Precious."  Turning to Sam, he
said, "P'raps it was him, yes, but it looked too big.  More like a
wraith, <i>saddam</i>, tall and pale, or some other nasty thing.  Maybe
even the Dark Lord himself, <i>saddam</i>."
  With Gulible's warning, they all began to peer nervously from side to
side.  "Frodo and Sauron an wraiths, oh my!" Spiegel exclaimed, and
those fears drove them to press on.
  The three companions began to ascend the base of the Mountain.  There
where it met the plain, the air was full of fumes, making breathing
painful and difficult.  Sam and Gulible found that the enhanced vigor
that had sustained them the previous day had given way overnight to a
painful tension with no hope of release, and Spiegel began to choke on
the foul air.  As they went on, one by one they slipped to the ground
and crawled on their hands and knees, until at last their wills could
drive them no further and their limbs gave way.
  They lay together on the slope, panting for breath.  They soon
realized that they had climbed more than half way up the Mountain's
base, and had risen above the worst of the reeks that coiled and
drifted down below.  Their strength gradually returned.  After a few
minutes, Gulible asked, "How far iss there to go?"
  "I don't know," said Sam, "because I don't know where we're going."
  Slowly, Gulible and Spiegel turned to face Sam, as the disbelief on
their faces changed to raw anger.  "You WHAT?" yelled Spiegel.  Her
sudden fury seemed to bring her new strength.  "You DON'T KNOW?  You
brought us all the way here to destroy the Ring without knowing what
to do when we got here?  Were you going to mention this at some point,
or did you plan to wait until we'd climbed to the very top of this
blasted slagheap?"
  "I thought it would be obvious!" Sam answered.  "I mean, how hard
could it be to find the Cracks of Doom once we got here?"  The others
just stared.  "Frodo was the one who learned all the maps!"
  "Well he's not here now," said Spiegel.
  "Yes, he is," said a voice.  Turning, they saw a shocking sight:
before them stood Frodo, but grotesquely changed.  Whatever strange
and dreadful paths he had trodden, driven by a devouring desire, they
had left grievous marks on him.  Fully six feet tall he stood, thin
and haggard, all bones and tight-drawn skin.  There was no hair to be
seen anywhere on his body, and there were open sores on his forehead.
He wore nothing but a scrap of cloth wrapped about his loins, and his
sparkling white stone dangled on a chain about his neck.  A wild, mad
light flamed in his eyes.  "Give me the Ring!  Once it is gone, the
Nurnenshire estate will be mine!  Give it to me!"
  "Frodo, what happened?" asked Sam.  "What in Middle-earth has
happened to you?"
  The overgrown hobbit paid no attention.  Towering over Sam he cried,
"It is mine, I say!  Give me the Ring, NOW!"
  "I don't have it," said Sam, as calmly as he could manage.
  "You WHAT?" yelled Spiegel and Gulible together, staring at him in
even greater amazement than before.
  "Then where is it?  Tell me!" demanded Frodo.
  "I'm really not sure," said Sam, relishing his old master's
frustration.  "But I know for a fact that either you have it, or
Gulible does."
  Gulible yelped with surprise and fear as the gigantic Frodo whirled
to face him.  "No, no, <i>saddam</i>, we doesn't have it, we doesn't."
  Frodo was not appeased.  "Now, now!" he gasped, clutching at Gulible's
breast.  "Now, you creeping thing, give me the Ring!  You cannot
betray me now!"
  So strange was the tableau that it seemed to Sam that he saw these
two rivals with some bizarre other vision.  A crouching shape, scarcely
more than a shadow of his younger self, a creature now wholly ragged
and dejected, yet filled with great confusion and fear; and before it
stood stern, untouchable now by pity, a figure hairless and white, but
from deep in its gut there came a resounding growl.  Out of the growl
there spoke a commanding voice.
  "Hand over the Ring, and trouble me no more!  If you touch it ever
again, you shall be cast yourself into the Fire of Doom."
  The crouching shape shrank away, terror in its blinking eyes, when a
new figure came in view.  It was Spiegel, and she reached up high and
slapped Frodo squarely on the cheek.  "Shame on you!" she scolded,
staring up at him with her hands on her hips.
  "What did you do that for?  I didn't hurt him," said Frodo, beginning
to cry.  "You didn't have to go and hit me, did you?  Is my nose
bleeding?"
  "Well, of course not.  What a fuss you're making!  When you go
around picking on people weaker than you are... why, you're nothing but
a great big coward!"
  "I know," he sobbed, "I know.  I've felt so odd lately... I feel all
thin, sort of <i>stretched</i>.  And my head is always hurting, and I've
been hounded by foul-mouthed Orcs, and I haven't slept in days... and
now you've all gotten so short and you're keeping the Ring from me and
I'll never get my estate need to destroy it before I get the estate
I'm thirsty very thirsty hungry all being so cruel don't know what to
do..."  He fell flat upon the ground and whimpered.
  "It's because of the Precious," guessed Gulible.  "He's like this
because of the nasty Ring, yes, and the sooner we get rid of it, the
sooner he'll rest, <i>saddam</i>.  Now where iss it?" he asked, turning to
Sam.
  "I fed it to one of you in a <i>twinkie</i>," Sam admitted.  "I don't know
which.  But I figure you're right: destroying the Ring will probably
be good for him.  Not that I'd mind if it wasn't!"
  Sam looked at Frodo.  "Oh, curse you, you imperialist pig!"  he
muttered to himself.  Out loud, he asked, "Can you take us to the
Cracks of Doom?  Do you know the way?"
  Frodo lifted his head, with only a trace of hope in his eyes.  He
spoke quietly, almost in a whisper.  "Yes, I will come.  There's a
path not far up the slope from here; it will take us where we need to
go."  They helped him to his feet, and as they all began to climb
again, Frodo gazed up and ahead.  "We're off to seek the Mountain!" he
said.

  They soon reached the path that Frodo had spoken of.  They did not
know it, but it was in fact the tail end of Sauron's Road from
Barad-dur, the same gold-paved road that they had followed before,
eastward from Ufat toward the Dark Tower.  The four of them walked
slowly but with confidence up that climbing road, winding back and
forth up the mountainside.  With a last eastward bend, it passed in a
cutting along the face of the shaft and came to the dark door in the
Mountain's side.
  Facing that door across the intervening miles, the pinnacle of
Barad-dur seemed to gaze directly on the hobbits.  The hobbits paid
little attention, focusing instead on the terrible door.  For a moment
they stood at the gaping mouth, their hearts beating with nervous
fear, and then they plunged in, giving no thought to the Freudian
implications of that act.
  Fearfully, they took a few uncertain steps into the dark, and then
all at once there came a flash of purple: vivid red fires leaped upward
and smote the high blue roof.  As the light flashed, a deep voice sang
as if from nowhere and echoed about the cavern:

    "DOOM!  The Cracks... of DOOM!"

They all spun around, this way and that, but no trace of a singer
could be seen.  When a few moments had passed without further musical
accompaniment, they all relaxed.  "This is a mighty strange place,"
said Sam, "and that's a fact."  In the flash, they had seen that they
were in a long tunnel that bored straight into the Mountain's hot
center.  Only a short way ahead, its floor and the walls on either
side were split by a great fissure, out of which the purple glare
came, now leaping up, now dying down exhausted; and all the while far
below there was a continuous groaning noise as of great engines
throbbing and laboring.
  They walked to the brink of the chasm, to the very Crack of Doom,
and just as they reached the edge the light sprang up again, and the
deep ringing voice returned to its ominous song:

    "The Chambers of Fire... the Fires of DOOM."

"That could get a bit annoying," said Sam.
  Frodo, his unnaturally tall body silhouetted against the pulsating
light, now spoke in a compelling voice.  "Who now is the bearer of the
Ring?  The wearer of the Ring?"  The others hung their heads, but said
nothing: they were filled with thoughts of darkness and despair, and
they had no answer for him.  "Beware!  Its mighty power has yet to be
shown!"  Frodo turned to them in madness and anger, ready to take the
Ring from its bearer by force if need be.  He lunged forward, but had
no chance to act, for at that moment many things happened.
  A great rush of wind came from outside, a sound like the beating of
vast wings.  At the same time, something struck Sam violently in the
back, a huge ball that bowled all four of them to the ground.  It slid
with terrible speed toward the fissure, and slipped in... only to
become lodged in the crack by virtue of its considerable girth.
Slowly, arms and legs reached out and grasped for purchase on the
nearby rocks.  Then, the obese man raised his head.  It was Gandalf.
  "Fat Lord!" said Gulible, "I've brought them here, yes, just as
I was told.  The Precious, too, and we're ready to throw it in,
<i>saddam</i>.  Only..."
  The wizard tried to pull himself up out of the crack, but the same
bulk that had saved him remained caught on the jagged rock at its
edge.  Gulible ran forward and began to help pull him to safety.  As
Gandalf twisted and Gulible tugged, a sudden tearing sound was heard,
followed by the sound of a balloon quickly deflating.  Gandalf
struggled up into the tunnel with his robes now hanging loose about
him and a great punctured inner tube drooping below them to the
ground.  "Only what?"  he asked.
  "Only the nasty hobbit put it in our food, <i>saddam</i>!" said Gulible,
getting the words out in a rush.
  Gandalf surveyed the situation, consternation on his face.  Then
with a suddenness that startled them all he started laughing!  "Eat
me to be tall!" he cried.  "Of course, of course!"  With an evil light
in his eye, he jumped on Frodo and tried to drag him into the fissure.

  Sam and Spiegel lay on the floor of the tunnel in shock, still dazed
from their fall and the strange events that had followed.  What
followed transpired so quickly that they had no chance to act, but
could only watch in awe and horror.  Frodo on the edge of the abyss
was fighting like a mad thing with his murderous foe.  Gandalf pressed
him hard, but Frodo's newfound size gave strength to his desperation
and he began to make progress, fighting his way away from the Fire.
  Suddenly, Gulible leapt into the fray, grabbing Frodo's knees and
tripping him.  The three combatants swayed to and fro, so near the
brink that they almost tumbled in, and then they all fell to the
ground.  Gandalf landed on top of Frodo, and as Frodo struggled to
rise Gandalf tried to keep him down.  He grabbed hold of the chain
around Frodo's neck and choked the hobbit to the floor, but with a
sharp twist the chain snapped and came loose in Gandalf's hand.
However, the wizard did not lose his grip, but caught hold of Frodo's
shoulders and pinned him to the ground.  They were locked in a
stalemate: Frodo could not rise, but Gandalf could not budge him
toward the Fire.
  But they had forgotten Gulible!  As Gandalf pinned Frodo's shoulders
and prevented his escape, Gulible clawed at his belly.  Suddenly Sam
saw Gulible's hands spread apart; his white teeth gleamed, and then
snapped as they bit.  Frodo began to scream in horror and agony, for
Gulible continued gnawing into Frodo's gut, searching for the Ring.
The screaming went on and on, and then Gulible leapt to his feet,
crying out in triumph with the Ring clenched between his teeth.
Gandalf turned to look, and at that moment Frodo lashed out with a
foot and kicked Gulible in the groin.
  Gulible gasped with pain, and then went wide-eyed in terror as,
<i>gulp</i>, down went the Ring into his own throat.  They all stared at
him, as he began to gibber at them, shrinking back toward the chasm in
fear.  "No, no, <i>saddam</i>, it didn't happen.  It can be fixed, yes.
We'll throw up the Ring!  Just give us a little time, just a little,
<i>saddam</i>!"  
  Frodo stared up at Gulible with a hungry, greedy gaze.  "No, Frodo,"
gasped Gulible, recognizing his deadly peril and the thread upon which
his doom now hung, "search your feelings!"
  Then Frodo stirred and spoke with a greedy voice, a voice louder and
more piercing than Sam had ever heard him use, and it rose above the
throbs and groans of the Mountain, ringing in the roof and walls.  "I
will not wait now to do what I came to do," he said.  "I will not
await the Ring.  The Deed is mine!"  And Frodo kicked Gulible firmly
in the knees.  He toppled, wavered for a moment on the brink, and then
with a shriek he fell.  Out of the depths came his last wail, and he
was gone.
  With a great roar, fires leapt up and licked the roof as the Ring and
its final bearer were consumed.  Gazing through the door into the
distance they saw a vision of ruin: towers fell and mountains slid;
walls crumbled and melted, crashing down; vast spires of smoke and
spouting steams went billowing up, up, until they toppled like an
overwhelming wave; and then at last over the miles between there came
a rumble, rising to a deafening crash and roar; the earth shook; and
we all desperately wished that we didn't now have such a tragically,
horrifyingly vivid understanding of this scene.

  They all stared out the door at the cloud of black dust that cloaked
the ruins of Barad-dur, stared until the last rumblings of its
collapse died away.  They all knew that no body could survive that
devastation: for good or ill, Sauron was no more.  Sam, Spiegel, and
Frodo all looked at each other with guarded hope: were their goals in
reach at last?  Were they worth the price?
  Then, out of the darkness by the Crack of Doom there came an
unexpected sound: Gandalf had begun to laugh an evil laugh.  The
hobbits turned to face him, and for the first time saw that he wore
three glittering Rings on his right hand.  Nenya, the Ring of
Zirconium, nabbed from Galadriel's nightstand while she was helping
Celeborn to dress himself.  Pinta, the Ring of Tinted Glass, won from
El Rond in a game of cards after he was convinced it would lose its
powers when the One was destroyed.  And Dubya, the Ring of HeNe,
"borrowed" from Cirdan two thousand years ago when Gandalf claimed to
have misplaced his laser pointer right before giving a lecture.
  "Sauron is dead," he said.  "I can sense it.  I can <i>sense</i> it!  The
Rings give me powers beyond my wildest dreams, and my last rival for
the Overlordship of Middle-earth is no more!  What can I not do in
this hour?  The Rings will give me power of Command!"  The wizard
began to stride up and down along the abyss, speaking ever more
loudly.  He seemed to have entirely forgotten Frodo and the others,
and his talk dwelt on walls and weapons, and the mustering of men.  As
he spoke, the aura of power about him seemed to grow stronger and
stronger, almost as if evil energy was visibly flowing into his body.
The hobbits cowered away from him in growing fear.
  After several minutes, he reached a fevered pitch.  "Then I will
bring the might of Gondor™ down on the Easterlings.  Once they are my
subjects, it will be time for the greatest crusade yet, for we shall
wipe the vile race of Orcs from the face of the world."  At this,
Spiegel choked, but said nothing.  He went on, "After scouring their
ilk from Mordor, it will be easy to sweep on to the south and capture
Harad.  And then, oh yes, then it will be time to turn on the Elves
and pay them back for all the humiliation they've caused me over the
years.  I will raze all of their precious forests!  I'll see them cut
to the ground one by one, even if it takes all the saws here in Mordor
to do it!"
  As Gandalf spoke those words, a bright glow sprang up from his left
hand and it became more brilliant by the second.  Before Gandalf had
more than a moment to register the light coming from Frodo's stone, a
bloodcurdling shriek tore through the chamber.
  "MINE!"
  A blade whirled and flashed in the growing light as Maglor leapt from
his hiding place in the shadows and charged straight at Gandalf.
Startled, the wizard stepped back and raised his right hand to strike
the Elf down with his Rings of Power.
  He stepped too far.  With a cry, he tumbled backwards, arms spinning,
even as Maglor slashed at his falling body.  No longer protected by
his balloon padding, the wizard plunged into the fiery pit and was
destroyed.
  As the Three Rings perished with their wearer, flames thrice as
intense as before burst forth from the depths of Mount Viagra,
liquifying the roof of the cavern and bathing Maglor and the hobbits
in an unholy radiance.  Fire belched from the Mountain's summit, and
the earth began to shake.  Through all this, Maglor didn't move, but
stood staring down at the crack where Gandalf had fallen.  The hobbits
felt no such compulsion to stay: Sam and Spiegel lifted Frodo, who had
finally collapsed from pain and exhaustion, and carried him out the
door.

  "Well, this is the end, Sam Gamgee," said a voice by his side.  And
there was Spiegel, pale and tired and yet herself again, the lovely
hobbit lass Sam had shared such joy with in Disgiliath.  The Orcs had
been saved from both slavery and extermination; her burden was taken
away.
  "Spiegel!" cried Sam, and taking her in his arms he kisssed her on
the lips.  For in this moment he thought nothing of Rosie or of the
Revolution to come, but only this: here and now, they were alive.
  "I am glad you are here with me," said Spiegel.  "Here at the end of
all things, Sam."


"What are they?" Aragon asked and stared out over the milling crowds.
Their joyous squeals and raucous hollers reached even the highest tower,
their brightly coloured garments could not be ignored by the most
colourblind of absent minds. Gondor™ had indeed been invaded.
  "Don't worry about it, dear," Arwen said and put her arm over a small
portion of his shoulders. "The people of Mordor have a right to be jolly
after decades of hardship and high culture, haven't they? If they want to
look outrageous, so be it. Now put on that costume and let me have a look
at you!"
  Aragon sighed and wriggled into a pair of very green tights. "I can't say I
like performing for Orcs," he said. "Not to mention the Southrons; they laugh
and make obscene gestures at me."
  Arwen gave him a motherly smile. "It's their culture, darling!" she
explained. "And remember, they aren't called Orcs or Southrons anymore. Keep
your manners and call them Mordorians - please?"
  She helped him button his shirt, a voluminous tent gleaming venomously like
the skin of a serpent dying from envy, and the matching vest in avocado.
Aragon gave himself a quick glance in the wall-covering mirror, then looked
away with a grimace. "I don't like this," he said. "I don't like it at all."
He attempted to make the puppy-eyed face that made her heart melt like
marshmallows in a campfire, but all the green seemed to take away its effect.
  "Yes, my snake, it <i>is</i> necessary," Arwen said firmly. "We couldn't possibly
throw away a golden opportunity like this. Ariëlle has hinted that we might
get even higher positions here, if we perform well and she decides to go on a
mission to save the world or something. Who knows, we might be King and Queen
of Gondor™ yet!" She threw off her cape, and stood before him in a silver
bathing suit and feathers and little else. "And until that day, we will be
the Fairy King and Queen of Goldywood™." She gave a wry smile. "Isn't it
amazing how these concept writers can twist and pervert the most simple
idea?"
  "There will be no twisting or perversion in <i>my</i> Gondor™!" Ariëlle
exclaimed cheerfully as she barged into the room without knocking. "Unless
they can come up with a new way of twisting that fits the Park's concept, of
course. Hey, what do you think about these? 'Buy your own Ring of
Destruction'." She held out a tray of brightly coloured rings and a wizardly
doll that looked somewhat like Gandalf. "He's fully de- and reflatable," she
said proudly as Arwen reached out to touch his rubbery features.
  "Uh - wasn't it called the Ring of <i>Seduction</i>?" Aragon asked serpently,
shifting uncomfortably in his new costume.
  Ariëlle just gave him a stare. "What kind of place do you think this is?"
she asked sternly. "And may I kindly request you not to adjust your pants
in public? It's not fitting." She looked at her watch, which was large and
sparkly and decorated with a miniature replica of Gondor™. "All right,
lovedoves, it's time," she said with a grin. "Break a leg, huh?"
  Aragorn put on his mask, which, at three times the size of his head, was
in perfect proportion with his body. "Ho ho ho. I'm a fat, happy wood elf,"
he said grimly, and slithered out to face the people, Arwen balancing behind
him on heels high enough to suit any Fairy Queen. <i>Snip, snap, snout,</i> went the
cameras of the Mordorians, and their money tickled merrily into the food
stalls and souvenir shops of Gondor™. 

  Ariëlle returned to her office. It was brightly lit by force of the great
windows covering the entire wall overlooking the theme park. It was also
eerily quiet, due to the sound-proofing properties of the same windows.
Ariëlle, undisputed heiress to the magical kingdom of Gondor™, sat
leisurely down at her desk and started looking through all the plans for new
merchandise and better rides. She loved plans; they always seemed to come out
in her favour.
  "That's a good one," she muttered softly as she examined the suggestion of
elongating Boromir's™ Ghostride with reappearing hobbit toons as well. "Yes,
hobbits are good for many things," she mused, and pushed her Silmarilan
buzzer button. Morrie and Pipsqueak came in at once, Pipsqueak's face
brimming with adolescent love, Morrie still with a calculating look in his
eyes. "Any news of the Halflings?" she asked.
  Pipsqueak jumped up and down and squeaked excitedly. Morrie gave him a cold
stare. "They're safe, Madame," he informed. "Frodo is filled to the brim with
drugs and ravin' delirious. Sam and Spiegel are... uh... in their room." He
grimaced. "Kalessin has said his union will contact us about compensation for
the trip. Apparently, Frodo made dying noises the entire time, and the other
two... well."
  "Thank you, my loyal Three-quarts," Ariëlle said pleasantly. "I shall take
care of everything. You have served me well." She followed them out with her
gaze, and smiled as she saw Pipsqueak lean on Morrie in a swooning fashion.
"So susceptible," she thought, absent-mindedly fondling her Silmaril. 

  In Mordor, the colours of Death and Passion were in power. Volcanic fire
leapt from ramshackle house to abandoned car-wreck, black smoke packing
itself thicker than ever in the sky. All living things had fled the land for
the pleasures of Gondor™ and other attractions. The ones that were left
were the half-living, the scavenging creatures; sneering rats, great, buzzing
flies and cockroaches, and spiders. 
  "Veer iz hee, my darlinks?" The woman veiled in black paused and, striking
a decorative pose against the burning sky, followed her scuttling companions
with her gaze. They were headed towards a mound of shrapnel greater than the
others, a dazzling creation of broken steel reinforcement and glass
splinters, a sculpture protesting the destruction of war made by no man's
hand. "Aiii!" wailed Shelob, and ran elegantly towards the wreckage.
  One little spider can do nothing, perhaps. But hundreds, or thousands,
nourished on flies grown fat on junk food and fighting, can accomplish
plenty. Shelob's black warriors spun and fastened, pulled and moved, until
the mound was opened. Many perished as unstable bits gave way and tumbled,
but they were all ready to fulfill the last request of their Liberal Lady.
"<i>Sztop!</i>" she called out suddenly. "You leaf me nov, all ov you. You hev been
vonderful." She waited for the spiders to disappear, then gingerly made her
way up the pile.
  All was still.
  "Szveethart? Veer ar you?" Shelob murmured softly. She listened. Was that a
moan she heard? A moan known to her and loved by her, from happier times than
these? She walked around the last unbroken wall of Sauron's tower until she
found what she was looking for. It was a door, amazingly whole and still
sealed shut. The Spider Queen reached out her hand to touch it, and
soundlessly, the door swung open. Shelob gave a tentative smile and entered.
  "Aglunph," Sauron responded eloquently as his saviour carefully dragged
him out of the room and away from the disintegrating heap. She laid the former
Dark Lord out on the ground and kissed his forehead with her sticky lips.
Slowly he opened his lidless eyes and looked at Shelob, then let them linger
at the remnants of his tower. "I've always wanted eventful dreams," he said.
"But don't you think this is a little bit over the top?"
  "Shussh, darlink," Shelob hissed lovingly, and stroked his hair. "Your tover
waz razer vell built, vas it not? But zis iz zee ent ov it, I vear."
  Sauron winced and sighed. "I guess that is so," he said. "My plan has failed,
and I have failed with it. You should have let me rest in my tower, my dear."
  Shelob tutted and gently shook his head. Sauron groaned with pain. "But don't
you szee?" she asked smilingly. "Nov, at last, you are vree." She stared at
him and saw his features soften, as gradually many great loads left his weary
shoulders. "I don't feel the incessant need to wogah!" he exclaimed. "And...
the Orcs! I don't need to control them, not one little bit. I feel great!" He
tried to sit up, but fell back with a thump. Yet he was still not beaten. "I
feel like singing!" he said, and drew in his breath deeply. Shelob gently hit
his head with a rock, then lifted up her unconscious love and went to search
for shelter in the wasteland.

  "What did she say to you?" asked Sam after the interview with Ariëlle was
over. Spiegel only smiled dreamily and went over to the mirror.
  "Do you think my hair looks best free or tied up?" she said as she started
brushing.
  "Your hair looks great no matter how," Sam stated matter-of-factly, and
added, for emphasis, "And that's a fact." He sat meaningfully down on the bed,
but Spiegel appeared not to notice.
  "So what are you doing tonight, then?" she asked.
  "Mm...me?" Sam was flabbergasted. "I thought I was going with you to see
the Parade™... together with you," he explained.
  Spiegel finished brushing and opened a box of makeup which she started
applying with great skill. "I'm sorry, Sam," she said. "I'm going to be <i>in</i>
the parade. Ariëlle has offered me work here as a Beauty Queen. Imagine
that - me, a Miss Gondor™! Who would have thought?" She decorated her eyes
in silence for a while, then turned around to look at Sam. She was just in
time to see the door closing softly behind him.

  "How are ye, Master Frodo?" Sam asked, unexpectedly feeling a deep longing
for his old, simple life in the Shire. Frodo started, opened his eyes, and
giggled.
  "I had such a wonderful dream!" he said. "I was hatching giant butterflies
from my stomach. Oh, it's you, Sam," he added as he slowly came somewhat to
his senses. 
  "Yes," said Sam. "I'm glad that you are here with me," he muttered inaudibly.
"Here at the end of all things, Master."
  "I say, Sam," Frodo exclaimed jofully. "You do look a bit like a
caterpillar! But whenever did you decide to colour your hair purple? You
look <i>most</i> droll!" He smiled contentedly and sunk down on his pillow.


Gondor™ had been experiencing a downturn in business of late.  In the 
weeks since the Rohirrim had left, the gradual flow of cash into the 
coffers of Ariellë's merchandising empire had shrunk dramatically.  The 
Rohirrim had parted rather grumpily, some mourning the death of 
HeyHoDen, others off to help Eowynn prepare her paternity suit, and the 
remainder simply happy to get back to whatever it was they did with 
their horses in peacetime (Pipsqueak hoped it was showjumping, but 
Morrie had told him not to be so naive).
  The flood of customers from Mordor had also subsided a little, due 
mostly to their growing awareness of just how extortionate Ariellë's new 
pricing policy was, even for a family orientated theme park.  However, 
the CEO of Gondor™ Entertainment Inc. still had a trick up her sleeve to 
drag in the punters.  Along with Acting Deputy Executive Vice Presidents 
Morrie and Pipsqueak, she had concocted a plan to alter the face of the 
entertainment industry for years to come.  She had planned a pageant to 
end all pageants - The Crowning of The New Queen of Gondor™!
  Through many long nights of deep thought - although Pipsqueak's mind 
was often elsewhere (I would go into more detail but this is purportedly 
a family e-text and, well...) - they concocted the plans for the most 
spectacular spectacle ever spectated.  Two days of non-stop feasting, 
parades, fireworks and toon-based entertainment were to climax in the 
Crowning ceremony, of which Ariellë herself would be the star.  However, 
much work was needed to iron out a few minor problems, such as parking 
arrangements and the particularly unusual sanitary requirements of the 
Southrons.
  The Crowning was to involve the now much slimmer Aragon, the 
increasingly reclusive Sam (representing the still-slightly-delirious 
Frodo as ringbearer) and Spiegel, who was rapidly becoming something of 
a minor star in her own right and whose first movie was already being 
planned.  Nobody had been able to find Boromir™, but then again, nobody 
seemed to care.

  The festival was a great triumph for manufactured entertainment.
People flocked in from hundreds of miles around to eat drink and be merry
in the streets of the citadel.  Eric the small cat was a huge success, as 
were Spiegel and Her Elvish Dancing Girls - a suggestion of Giggly - 
albeit with a slightly different section of the crowd.  Strangely, 
though, Sam was nowhere to be seen during Spiegel's act, or for a good 
while afterwards - the two of them hadn't been talking too much of late. 
  It was only after a thorough search had been organised that he was 
found, much to Morrie's relief, wandering aimlessly around the streets 
and occasionally being pelted with fruit by Orcish children.

  Ariellë sat atop a tall throne at the centre of the stage, smiling 
sweetly, the focus for the attention of thousands of eagerly watching 
eyes.  To her left stood Aragon, more than an hint of jealousy in his 
eye,  and a slightly ruffled Sam, hastily rushed through make-up, and to 
her right Spiegel, the two hobbits having been carefully placed on 
different sides of the throne to avoid any 'complications'.  A lively, 
badly dressed MC was leaping around, yelling seemingly random phrases 
and still managing to evoke a cheer from the audience.  In the wings, 
between Morrie and Pipsqueak, waited the old and rather befuddled High 
Priest in Charge of Crowning and the Official Whopping Big Crown of Gondor™.
"So, how are all you happy little people?!" yelled the MC to nobody in 
particular, and at once became the recipient of a huge, incoherent roar. 
  "Glad to hear it!!  Well, floks, it's the moment we're all here to 
see - the once in a lifetime event that is... Ttttthhhhhhheeeeee 
Ccccccrrrrooooowwwwnniiinnngggg!!!!!!"  Once again, a mighty cheer went 
up, loud enough to make everyone onstage (including the MC) cringe, but 
yet seemed to have very little effect on Ariellë who sat smiling away 
to herself, apparently unaware of the tumult.
  The MC bounded away into the wings, and in his place appeared the frail, 
rather less hip figure of the High Priest.  He had been persuaded, by 
means unknown to all except Morrie, to shorten the traditionally seven 
hour ceremony to a single line, and seemed a little too eager to get it 
all over with.  He was followed by the two Executive hobbits, carrying 
between them the extravagant, vastly oversized, and really rather gaudy 
Crown of Gondor™, which apparently been made for ancient kings who were 
more of Aragon's original proportions than Ariellë's.
  From somewhere backstage came the blast of a hundred mighty trumpets. 
"All rise for Queen Ariellë!" shouted Morrie and Pipsqueak in unison, and 
a deadly silence fell across the onlookers.  Ariellë, however, seemed 
unmoved by all of this, and sat quietly grinning at nothing in particular.
  "People of this city," muttered the priest regretfully to himself, 
before loudening up a little at a glance from Morrie.  "Friends from 
distant lands and purchasers of kitsch merchandise, I present to you 
Ariellë, the New Queen of The Magic Kingdom of Gondor™!"
  With one disgruntled gesture he snatched the crown from Morrie and 
placed it on top of her head to great cheers from the crowd.  However, 
Ariellë herself did not seem very impressed at all with the performance. 
  She sat in stony silence, her grin now appearing to take on almost 
manic enthusiasm.  The High Priest looked shocked, and hurried down to 
Morrie.
  "We could have a bit of a problem here," he whispered. "She appears
to be dead."
  "Dead?  What do you mean, dead?"
  "Dead.  She's kicked the bucket. Gone.  Popped her clogs.  Vamoosh."
  "If this is some kind of joke, you'll be tomorrow's FairyBurger™ meat." 
Morrie hurried up to the throne, felt Ariellë's neck, and then leant
down and whispered to Pipsqueak, "You know what?  She <i>is</i> dead!"
  "Dead?  DEAD!  How can she be dead!  It's so... so sad..."  He fell
to the floor, wailing.  A loud murmur swept through the crowd.  Spiegel 
looked stunned and Aragon uncertain.  Sam, however, seemed impassive, 
and didn't seem particularly shocked.
  "I know, I know.  She was the star attraction.  But there's no need to 
make all that fuss... we always have Plan B to fall back on."
  "Plan B!  You made a Plan B in case Ariellë died?"
  "Of curse... my past employment has taught me to prepare for everything. 
Watch."
  Morrie hurried to one side of the stage, gesturing for Aragon and the
Priest to follow him.  They went into a huddle briefly, and then emerged,
Aragon looking surprisingly pleased and the Priest looking bewildered.
Morrie strode to the font of the stage.
  "My good friends, we are sorry to disappoint those of you who came to 
see Queen Ariellë crowned today.  However, we are sad to announce that 
this will not be possible, due to technical difficulties."  He raised 
his voice above the sobbing Pipsqueak.  "However, it is my pleasure to 
announce that in her place, we are all privileged to be able to watch 
the crowning of our new monarch... so can I have a big hand please for 
King Aragon!"
  The crowd cheered.  They had come to see a crowning, and weren't overly 
bothered <i>who</i> got crowned.  The High Priest retrieved the Official 
Whopping Big Crown, and started again with his Ceremony.  "Friends from.."
  "STOP!  <i>Stop the ceremony!</i>"  The crowd emitted a collective gasp, for 
there, emerging onto the stage, was Frodo!  He was tall and skeleton 
thin, but the crazed look in his eyes was enough to strike fear into the 
heart of any grown man (or hobbit).  "You must stop the ceremony! 
Ariellë was murdered!  She was murdered, assassinated by..."  He began 
to raise his hand, to point as someone on the stage, but his screams 
were curtailed as an arrow thudded into his back, and he fell to the 
ground, silenced.


Gondor™ had been experiencing a downturn in business of late.  In the 
weeks since the Rohirrim had left, the gradual flow of cash into the 
coffers of Ariellë's merchandising empire had shrunk dramatically.  The 
Rohirrim had parted rather grumpily, some mourning the death of 
HeyHoDen, others off to help Eowynn prepare her paternity suit, and the 
remainder simply happy to get back to whatever it was they did with 
their horses in peacetime (Pipsqueak hoped it was showjumping, but 
Morrie had told him not to be so naive).
  The flood of customers from Mordor had also subsided a little, due 
mostly to their growing awareness of just how extortionate Ariellë's new 
pricing policy was, even for a family orientated theme park.  However, 
the CEO of Gondor™ Entertainment Inc. still had a trick up her sleeve to 
drag in the punters.  Along with Acting Deputy Executive Vice Presidents 
Morrie and Pipsqueak, she had concocted a plan to alter the face of the 
entertainment industry for years to come.  She had planned a pageant to 
end all pageants - The Crowning of The New Queen of Gondor™!
  Through many long nights of deep thought - although Pipsqueak's mind 
was often elsewhere (I would go into more detail but this is purportedly 
a family e-text and, well...) - they concocted the plans for the most 
spectacular spectacle ever spectated.  Two days of non-stop feasting, 
parades, fireworks and toon-based entertainment were to climax in the 
Crowning ceremony, of which Ariellë herself would be the star.  However, 
much work was needed to iron out a few minor problems, such as parking 
arrangements and the particularly unusual sanitary requirements of the 
Southrons.
  The Crowning was to involve the now much slimmer Aragon, the 
increasingly reclusive Sam (representing the still-slightly-delirious 
Frodo as ringbearer) and Spiegel, who was rapidly becoming something of 
a minor star in her own right and whose first movie was already being 
planned.  Nobody had been able to find Boromir™, but then again, nobody 
seemed to care.

  The festival was a great triumph for manufactured entertainment.
People flocked in from hundreds of miles around to eat drink and be merry
in the streets of the citadel.  Eric the small cat was a huge success, as 
were Spiegel and Her Elvish Dancing Girls - a suggestion of Giggly - 
albeit with a slightly different section of the crowd.  Strangely, 
though, Sam was nowhere to be seen during Spiegel's act, or for a good 
while afterwards - the two of them hadn't been talking too much of late. 
  It was only after a thorough search had been organised that he was 
found, much to Morrie's relief, wandering aimlessly around the streets 
and occasionally being pelted with fruit by Orcish children.

  Ariellë sat atop a tall throne at the centre of the stage, smiling 
sweetly, the focus for the attention of thousands of eagerly watching 
eyes.  To her left stood Aragon, more than an hint of jealousy in his 
eye,  and a slightly ruffled Sam, hastily rushed through make-up, and to 
her right Spiegel, the two hobbits having been carefully placed on 
different sides of the throne to avoid any 'complications'.  A lively, 
badly dressed MC was leaping around, yelling seemingly random phrases 
and still managing to evoke a cheer from the audience.  In the wings, 
between Morrie and Pipsqueak, waited the old and rather befuddled High 
Priest in Charge of Crowning and the Official Whopping Big Crown of Gondor™.
"So, how are all you happy little people?!" yelled the MC to nobody in 
particular, and at once became the recipient of a huge, incoherent roar. 
  "Glad to hear it!!  Well, floks, it's the moment we're all here to 
see - the once in a lifetime event that is... Ttttthhhhhhheeeeee 
Ccccccrrrrooooowwwwnniiinnngggg!!!!!!"  Once again, a mighty cheer went 
up, loud enough to make everyone onstage (including the MC) cringe, but 
yet seemed to have very little effect on Ariellë who sat smiling away 
to herself, apparently unaware of the tumult.
  The MC bounded away into the wings, and in his place appeared the frail, 
rather less hip figure of the High Priest.  He had been persuaded, by 
means unknown to all except Morrie, to shorten the traditionally seven 
hour ceremony to a single line, and seemed a little too eager to get it 
all over with.  He was followed by the two Executive hobbits, carrying 
between them the extravagant, vastly oversized, and really rather gaudy 
Crown of Gondor™, which apparently been made for ancient kings who were 
more of Aragon's original proportions than Ariellë's.
  From somewhere backstage came the blast of a hundred mighty trumpets. 
"All rise for Queen Ariellë!" shouted Morrie and Pipsqueak in unison, and 
a deadly silence fell across the onlookers.  Ariellë, however, seemed 
unmoved by all of this, and sat quietly grinning at nothing in particular.
  "People of this city," muttered the priest regretfully to himself, 
before loudening up a little at a glance from Morrie.  "Friends from 
distant lands and purchasers of kitsch merchandise, I present to you 
Ariellë, the New Queen of The Magic Kingdom of Gondor™!"
  With one disgruntled gesture he snatched the crown from Morrie and 
placed it on top of her head to great cheers from the crowd.  However, 
Ariellë herself did not seem very impressed at all with the performance. 
  She sat in stony silence, her grin now appearing to take on almost 
manic enthusiasm.  The High Priest looked shocked, and hurried down to 
Morrie.
  "We could have a bit of a problem here," he whispered. "She appears
to be dead."
  "Dead?  What do you mean, dead?"
  "Dead.  She's kicked the bucket. Gone.  Popped her clogs.  Vamoosh."
  "If this is some kind of joke, you'll be tomorrow's FairyBurger™ meat." 
Morrie hurried up to the throne, felt Ariellë's neck, and then leant
down and whispered to Pipsqueak, "You know what?  She <i>is</i> dead!"
  "Dead?  DEAD!  How can she be dead!  It's so... so sad..."  He fell
to the floor, wailing.  A loud murmur swept through the crowd.  Spiegel 
looked stunned and Aragon uncertain.  Sam, however, seemed impassive, 
and didn't seem particularly shocked.
  "I know, I know.  She was the star attraction.  But there's no need to 
make all that fuss... we always have Plan B to fall back on."
  "Plan B!  You made a Plan B in case Ariellë died?"
  "Of curse... my past employment has taught me to prepare for everything. 
Watch."
  Morrie hurried to one side of the stage, gesturing for Aragon and the
Priest to follow him.  They went into a huddle briefly, and then emerged,
Aragon looking surprisingly pleased and the Priest looking bewildered.
Morrie strode to the font of the stage.
  "My good friends, we are sorry to disappoint those of you who came to 
see Queen Ariellë crowned today.  However, we are sad to announce that 
this will not be possible, due to technical difficulties."  He raised 
his voice above the sobbing Pipsqueak.  "However, it is my pleasure to 
announce that in her place, we are all privileged to be able to watch 
the crowning of our new monarch... so can I have a big hand please for 
King Aragon!"
  The crowd cheered.  They had come to see a crowning, and weren't overly 
bothered <i>who</i> got crowned.  The High Priest retrieved the Official 
Whopping Big Crown, and started again with his Ceremony.  "Friends from.."
  "STOP!  <i>Stop the ceremony!</i>"  The crowd emitted a collective gasp, for 
there, emerging onto the stage, was Frodo!  He was tall and skeleton 
thin, but the crazed look in his eyes was enough to strike fear into the 
heart of any grown man (or hobbit).  "You must stop the ceremony! 
Ariellë was murdered!  She was murdered, assassinated by..."  He began 
to raise his hand, to point as someone on the stage, but his screams 
were curtailed as an arrow thudded into his back, and he fell to the 
ground, silenced.


Not wanting to deal with Roglings, the hobbits and Radagast spent rather
little time in Rivendell before going on.  Even Margarita could not get
them to enjoy their stay; El Rond was about to vote the conscription and
all those present would have to go on a Rogling hunt, which is rather
unpleasant when you are not trained in the art, as you all know.  They
were all rather sad that they could not get their hands on Bilbo, though;
after all he was responsible for all the misery they had gone through. 
He decided to get rid of the Ring and give it to Frodo.
  The Hobbits were not to eager to see the Shire again, except for
Morrie.  Frodo was thinking of all his creditors that he had thought he'd
never see again. Sam was trying to find a plausible explanation to give
Rosie; he had been gone for over a year just about when he was going to
lead the revolution. Morrie was actually thinking of how he could
tighten his hold over the underground and expand his markets - he had
managed to get a weak king on the throne, after all.  And Pipsqueak, well,
he didn't have a character that was too developed around the beginning of
the e-text, so he was just worried that he'd lose all the depth he had
acquired.  As they walked, Radagast turned to Frodo and asked him if he
was unwell. He was, after all, supposed to feel his old wounds around
this time of the strory.  
  "Not really," replied Frodo. "I know that I am wounded with knife, sting
and tooth, and claws, and falls, and disillusionment, but it's not that bad.
Everything will heal I expect."
  "How about when you said you remembered who killed Ariellë?" asked
Radagast.
  "Oh, yes, it's fairly obvious who ordered the kill and I'm suprised that
none of the other Hobbits realised it."
  "How do you mean?"
  "Just look at the way in which Ariellë was killed," replied Frodo.  "The
Bywater Grin was done perfectly, and the Beltbuckleland Crime Syndicate
has never revealed the trick to anyone.  So it logically falls that the
crime was perpetrated by a Hobbit.  To my certain knowledge, there were
only four Hobbits present.  Out of those four, only one could know how
to do the Grin."
  "Why didn't you tell anyone before?"
  "The voices told me not to.  They told me that it would cause mayhem. 
Since the voices are also the ones who explained to me what I just
explained to you, I believed them."
  "So why are you telling me now?  I don't understand you."
  "The voices told me that once we had passed the Forsaken Inn and were
finally nearing Bree, noone would care anymore, and I could tell if
anyone asked."
  "I see," said Radagast, and after a paused added, "I'll have to ponder
what you have told me."

  As they neared Bree, they came to a halt.  They wanted to get news of
what had happened since they left, but they didn't want to go into town,
remembering the huge bill that the Nazdaq had raised for them at
Barliman Butterball's inn.  It was finally elected that Frodo, now being
beyond recognition, would go accompanied by Radagast, whom noone knew
around these parts.  Why they trusted him, they couldn't've told, but
they did, probably because he hadn't tried to ask them for a fee for
anything yet.
  As they entered the town, Frodo knew that something had gone horribly
wrong.  All the aluminum sidings had been replaced by composite
materials, and there had been no guard at the gate. Insted, an ATM stood
there, an Automated Talking Machine, which told them that they had to
pay ten flokarinos each in order to have access to the town.  They then
proceeded to the Prancing Pony, expectng to gather news in the common
room, which to their utter amazement was empty.  They asked Barliman
about this.
  "'Tis because of the new college which has opened in the Shire.  'Tis
a bunch of Big'Uns that came from the South, they started by buying out
most of the industries in the area, including our siding industry,
which they have defiled.  Then they somehow managed to overthrown all
stock markets and have all our banks go bankrupt.  They then opened up a
college in the Shire and started new banks, so that they would get all
the profits.  'Tis an evil day to be in these parts."
  Hearing this Frodo had a secret smile, being very happy indeed; this
meant that his credit history has most likely been erased entirely!  But
hidding his enthusiasm, Frodo asked for a room for two for the night,
and for a good pouch of Eastfarthing weed.
  "Ah, but had you asked for anything else, good masters," said
Butterball.  "We are now stuck with our own since there in none to be
had from the Shire.  All we have is Easthanging, which cannot be
compared to Eastfarthings."  Then then talked a bit of what had happened
in the south, being careful not to reveal their true identities, Frodo,
in a flash of genius had decided to go as Mr Overhill.  They talked
about the return of the king, and that he would most likely come this
way eventually.  Reassured Butterball that he would not raze his inn
for past offenses, and that he would most likely elect residence where
the halls of the king has been in the north, a place called Fu****g
North.  Legend has it that the place got his name when a king, which one
is now forgotten, was stuck inside his castle because of a snow storm
and expressed himself with the epitath which is now the name of the
place.  With that, they all went to bed.

  The next morning, Radagast and Frodo took their leave of this ghastly
place and went to rejoin their companions, since they can't really be
called friends, and told them all that they had learned.  Sam was about
to ask a question about the revolution, when he was cut off by Morrie:
  "So my industry is faltering, but I have new markets that I have
guaranteed myself, what with this slow witted king.  I could even make
up a spece for you if you're interested, Frodo, on the condition that you
forget what those voices of yours told you.  I would eventually win in
court, but it would be rather bothersome, and it's not quite true.  I'd
have to let the truth be known if you did try to frame me."

  So they kept on walking in silence towards the Shire.  When they passed
by the forest in which Tom Bombadil resides, they tried to hurry past it,
but Radagast stopped them.  He said that this is where he would leave
them.  He was worried about those voices Frodo was hearing, so he wanted
to have a good talk with Bombadil, a talk like he hadn't had in many a
years.  He also wanted to know if Bombadil still had his copy of the DSM
IV lying around somewhere; he had lost his since their psychiatry
classes.
  So they trudged along, each lost in their own thoughts once again: 
Frodo quite happy that his debt seemed to be cleared, Morrie wondering
how he could regain and expand his underground empire (remember that
Hobbits live in holes...), and Sam angry that since the author couldn't
imitate his dialect elected not to have him talk for the whole chapter. 
Let's not forget Pipsqueak, he realised that he was losing all the depth
of character he had acquired during their adventures.


Not more than a mile had passed when Pipsqueak, still musing over
the dull future which awaited him, wrinkled his nose.
     "What's up, Pipsqueak?" laughed Frodo. "Trying a new facial 
expression? Think that'll help?" And he and Morrie laughed, though Sam 
just looked at Frodo's bare throat menacingly and did not join in.
     "No," Pipsqueak replied, "I smell smoke."
     And sure enough, as the wind slowly changed they all noticed it: a 
faint whiff of burning, coming from somewhere within the Old Forest. Apart 
from a slight darkening of the sky to their right, however, they could see 
nothing amiss; though Pipsqueak thought he could see, for the briefest 
moment, a small glowing creature like a flying coal flitting dangerously 
behind the first layer of trees.

     Darkness was descending as the four hobbits, nearing the old 
Bucklebelt Bridge, began to notice the red glow from the depths of the 
Forest and hear the crackle and roaring. The smoke was now growing acrid 
in their nostrils. "Still forest, and it comes right up to both sides of 
the road," Morrie observed grimly. "And we've still got two miles to go!"
     "Burn baby burn," Sam muttered under his breath.
     "If we hurry," Pipsqueak gasped, "we could try leaving the path and 
making directly for the River. We might get there ahead of the flames, and 
jump in."
     "No! I'm not gonna ruin my new shoes!" Frodo hollered.
     "No chance," Morrie observed, ignoring Frodo as usual. "Wind's 
freshening. Flames are moving faster. We'd better just run like hell and 
hope the flames don't burn the whole Shire to the ground."
     With that Morrie threw his pack to the ground and began running, and 
Frodo and Pipsqueak did likewise. Only Sam, long used to carrying the 
heavy burdens of his employers, kept his provisions with him as he ran.
     The flames were soon visible. Fire began encroaching upon the Road as 
they ran, choking and scared, toward the Bridge. They managed to stay 
ahead of the blaze in spite of the wind, but as they rounded the final 
bend Morrie swore in amazement.
     "A <i>gate!</i>" he yelled. "They've put up an Erudamned <i>gate!</i>"
     And no ordinary gate blocked their way. Made of plate iron and solid 
steel, it stretched across the Road and was anchored to two great walls of 
brick which blocked all access to the River in both directions. Fully 
twelve feet high it loomed, and was surmounted by a series of nasty 
eight-inch spikes and a thick generous topping of razor wire. Morrie 
quickly checked the impregnable lock, then he threw the huge doormat 
(inexplicably marked <i>Keep The Shire Clean!</i>) aside to dig his way under 
the door, only to find that the roadway under the gate had been resurfaced 
with huge slabs of freshly-quarried granite. "What the hell <i>is</i> this?" he 
shouted at the world in general.
     "Hey! Hey! Open the gate!" Pipsqueak shouted, banging his fists on 
the metal.
     The wind carried a huge blast of heat towards the hobbits, and an 
ancient oak crashed across the roadway some fifteen feet behind them, all 
its branches raging with flame. The travellers sputtered in the sparks and 
heat, and watched in horror as the dry grass ignited on both sides of the 
road. Above the hiss and crackling a voice could be heard through the 
gate. "Shire's closed," the voice said easily. "Visiting hours are between 
eight and five. Try us again tomorrow."
     Morrie and Frodo joined Pipsqueak at the door, pounding their fists 
on the metal. "Let us in! Let us in!" they shouted. "There's fire out 
here! We'll burn!"
     "The Chief said that sort o' thing was likely t' happen," the voice 
replied easily.
     "Open the gate or we'll die!" Pipsqueak yelled.
     The flames approached closer. The iron plating of the door began to 
heat. For a moment the sweltering hobbits heard no reply save the blaze. 
Finally the voice answered. "Should've thought o' that beforehand," it 
said, almost nonchalantly. "Now mind you, in the Shire things is 
different. We've made preparations. Set matters to hand beforehand, you 
might say. And if you die, well, that's tragic, I suppose, but if you'd 
prepared yourselves a bit like we did you might not be in such a fix now. 
Maybe next time 'round you'll be luckier. Have a nice day."
     The hobbits looked at each other in breathless panic, then redoubled 
their pounding on the iron gate. Pipsqueak's fists were starting to get 
burned by the heating metal. "Let us in! Let us in!" they cried, choking 
and sweating in the heat.
     "Nope," the voice finished. "No visitors at night. Go away."
     "But we aren't visitors," Frodo gasped. "We <i>live</i> here!"
     "You <i>what</i>?" the voice said suddenly. "You <i>live</i> here? Did ye sign 
out? D'ye have a travel pass?"
     In the thickening smoke Sam drew upon some hidden reserve, and a 
memory of the voice. "Look here, Hobbie Haywain," he shouted. "If you 
don't let us in right this minute ye'll find my fist'll be giving ye some 
o' that dental work ye so desperately need!"
     "Bless me!" the voice replied, and from deep within the gate there 
came a long series of metallic <i>thung</i> noises. Half of the great gate 
began to creak, and the four hobbits threw their weight against the 
now-searing metal. They cried and gasped with effort but the door refused 
to move until they noticed the gate opened outwards and tried pulling on 
it instead.
     "Get in here! Get in here!" Hobbie yelled, and as the four hobbits 
stumbled through the opening he grasped the door with his great oven-mitts 
(garishly embroidered <i>Property Of The Shire</i>), swung it shut, and 
relatched the twenty-three mighty latches. As he set the last latch he 
turned around, and was astonished to find the four hobbits had already 
begun to run towards Hobbiton. "Hey, there, wait!" he shouted. "Ho! Wait! 
Ye're breakin' Rule Twelve!"

     After a short distance the hobbits ran behind a short brick building 
and stopped, gasping.
     "What the hell was old Hobbie on about?" Sam choked, wiping the soot 
from his eyes.
     "Who knows," Morrie coughed, spitting some ash out of his throat. 
"He's never exactly been the smartest bread in the sandwich."
     "Well, at least he stopped chasing us," Pipsqueak wheezed. "Good 
thing. The concrete was really beginning to hurt my feet."
     With a sudden horrible realization the four hobbits stopped and 
looked at the ground. The area surrounding the small building was paved 
with concrete. They looked out towards the road into town and saw lines of 
neat, ordered cobblestones. "Where's all the peat moss?" Frodo said in 
astonishment. "What happened to the bark paths? The mud-and-dirt roads? 
The fast-food wrappers?"
     "This is unnatural," Sam had to agree.
     Night had begun, yet the red glow of the burning Forest could be seen 
clearly over the Wall. By that glow the hobbits could see their 
sometimes-beloved, sometimes-despised Shire had changed. Ugly buildings of 
stone and mortar stood in rows where they remembered seeing ugly buildings 
of mud and thatch before. Wastebaskets and the occasional spitoon stood in 
ordered pairs beside the paving of the roadways. Their sticky dirty little 
Shire had become a place of harsh right angles. "Something horrible is 
happening here," Frodo whispered. "This place is all sculleyed and 
muldered. It's making my head hurt."
     "Mine too," agreed Morrie. "But right now we need to get under cover. 
We'll wait till tomorrow to wreak unholy revenge."
     They snuck towards an ugly new brick building with a very 
un-Shire-like slate roof, jimmied the door and slunk within. Inside they 
found only some wrought-iron patio furniture and a huge store of canned 
foods. They selected some cans of corned beef and Eastfarthing Canned 
Broccoli, but realizing they had no can openers they were forced to hack 
at the cans with their swords. Then Pipsqueak noticed there was no 
cook-pot, no firewood and indeed no hearth. After six unsuccessful 
attempts to set fire to Frodo the hobbits sat down in the dark, and 
cheerlessly ate cold corned beef before lying down for an uncomfortable 
sleep.

     At dawn they were awakened by a furious pounding at the door. "Open 
up, in the name of the Chief!" came the cry from outside. "You're all 
under arrest!"
     "No!" Frodo screamed back angrily. "I'm under a duvet!"
     Morrie rose swiftly and kicked open the door, confronting the six 
Shrrrfffs standing outside with brandished steel. "Arrest, huh?" he 
sneered angrily. "On what charge?"
     "On these charges," the lead Shrrrfff answered, bravely backing up a 
step. "On charges of Gate-breaking, and Not Signing Out, and Muddying the 
Roadways, and Breaking and Entering, and Stealing Food, and Carrying 
Unregistered Swords, and Attempting To Start A Fire, and Improper Handling 
of Canned Foods."
     "And what else?"
     "That'll do for a start."
     "I can think of a few others," Moribund Brandybuck said coldly. "Like 
Running a Drug Cartel, or Conspiracy and Racketeering, or maybe Murdering 
Five Shrrrfffs In Cold Blood And Then Taking The Sixth Hostage."
     "You've done all that?" the lead Shrrrfff garbled.
     "I certainly plan to," replied Morrie, and pulling a deadly rapier he 
had stolen from Rohan he set upon the Shrrrfffs. Of the five that died 
only two of them found time to scream.

     "Here, now, Robin Wheelburrow!" Sam said, looking at the bound and 
gagged Shrrrfff. "You'd better tell us what the hell has been happening 
around here! And be quick about it, because these exposition scenes are 
always way too slow."
     "Mmmmmmph mmmpppmph mmh mmppppphh!" the young hobbit replied.
     Morrie cut the gag from his mouth with a dagger. "No yelling," he 
growled. "I don't have time to make a proper Bywater Grin, but I can 
always give you the old traditional Grin by carving a smile across your 
throat."
     "yes, sir," Robin whispered inaudibly.
     "Now what happened?" Sam snapped. "We heard tell of some kind of 
Collage, or somethin' just as foul, like Decoupage maybe."
     "That's <i>College</i>, not <i>Collage</i>," Robin replied, putting the 
emphasis on the correct syllables. "That was the Perfesser's doing. But 
that's all gone now."
     "The <i>what</i>?" Sam demanded.
     "The Perfesser," Robin replied. "You know..." His voice dropped to a 
whisper. "Lotho," he muttered subaudibly.
     "<i>Lotho</i>?" Frodo and Morrie gasped loudly. "Lotho Bagg-"
     "Quiet! Don't say it so loud!" Robin cringed. "It's Bad Luck, saying 
the Name. It's accursed. He's responsible for everything!"
     "So these ugly brick buildings an' slate roofs, that's <i>his</i> fault?" 
Sam cried. "That ugly little bastard!"
     "No, no," Robin stammered. "You've got it all wrong. The slate's 
<i>good</i>! Really good! Look, look, you don't get it, I'll explain it to 
you."
     "Some long exposition's coming, I just knew it," Sam grumbled.

     "Y'see," Robin Wheelburrow began, as his audience pulled up chairs 
and settled in for a long dull speech, "a while back some ugly squint-eyed 
Men came up from the South, selling magazine subscriptions to make their 
way through some College called Eyesore, or so they said. And most people 
turned 'em away and slammed doors in their faces. But old L-" he stopped, 
and then whispered the name " - old Lotho wanted folk to think he was 
educated, as if anyone would believe that, and so he took 'em in. And he 
fed 'em breakfast cereal an' bran flakes and in exchange they told him all 
about College. And so old - " again Robin whispered the name " - old Lotho 
decides he's gonna start a College of his own, here in the Shire. So he 
starts using his money to build these big gothic buildings, and a lot of 
books and suchlike, and starts to call himself the Perfesser. Put a lot of 
money into it, too. Started by getting a lot of cash from Bree, where he 
said it was an <i>invest-mint</i>, by which he meant he was putting a mint o' 
money into his vest, I guess. Anyway, then the economy starts going 
haywire, so he gets everybody to take out these <i>student loans</i>, only 
there's lots o' students and not much loaned, or so it seems to us. But he 
just keeps sayin' things like, <i>If you think Edjucation is expensive, try 
Ignorance,</i> an' <i>A Mind is more terrible than a Waist,</i> an' stuff like 
that, which sounded like some pretty meaningless platitudes from an ad 
agency if you ask me but people seemed to buy it, an' before long 
everybody's signing up to be a Student."
     "You mean Lotho was teaching people things?" Frodo asked, having a 
hard time getting the gist of the conversation over the voice shouting 
angrily in his head.
     "Well, he tried to, at first," Robin continued, as everyone settled 
back in for another trying bout of exposition. "But being a Baggins he 
didn't know very much to start with - begging your pardon, Mr. Frodo," he 
added hastily, remembering he was bound and Frodo was holding a sword, 
though admittedly holding it at the wrong end. "So he started saying, 
<i>What College </i>really<i> is about, is Football,</i> and he has this big wood 
Stadium built. An' that's really when the trouble started.
     "Y'see, the Chief - " here Robin smiled, saying the name with pride - 
"the Chief, see, he didn't hold with building with wood. An' every day as 
the Perfesser had people bringing in wood an' putting up supports for the 
Stadium, that night the Chief would sneak in under cover of dark an' chop 
the Stadium to pieces. An' after a month or two of this the Perfesser sets 
guards all around the Stadium, and two nights later they manage to capture 
the Chief, and the Perfesser says they're gonna hang him the very next 
night, big public hanging, lots o' celebration and refreshments an' 
everything, just like the old-fashioned Shire lynchings Grampa used t' 
talk about.
     "And true to his word next day there's lots of parties and 
celebrations, and the Perfesser's got lots of gin and brandies he's 
serving to everyone, an' as dusk comes he sets off all these fireworks to 
keep people entertained, like Gandalf used to: the big <i>Wheel o' Fortune</i>, 
an' the <i>Jeopardy</i>, an' one of those <i>SurPrise is Right</i> ones; with the 
little Bob Barkers, always been kind o' scared o' those myself, but some 
people seem to like 'em.
     "And right at midnight, just as tradition calls for, right at 
midnight the Perfesser looks at the gallows and says: <i>Do you have 
anything to say before I pass sentence?</i> And the Chief, he just looks down 
from the trapdoor, and he smiles, and in a big booming voice he says this:
     "<i>I have only this to say,</i> says he. <i>No Stadium shall stand in the 
Shire. The wood is your enemy, not I! Get rid of it, and quickly! You do 
not know your peril.</i>
     "And the Perfesser just laughs, and a bunch of his cronies - the ones 
with tenure, anyway - laughs along with him, and he raises his hand to 
pull the lever, when the smile just sort of dies on his lips and the 
Perfessor just stands there staring at the sky.
     "And then we saw these <i>things</i>. Don't know what you'd call 'em, 
really; folk now call 'em the <i>fire-flies</i>, on account of they look like 
little moths that carry their own lanterns along with 'em. Damndest 
things. Nobody's really quite sure where they came from, but most think 
they were attracted to the fireworks the Perfesser'd been setting off. And 
one of 'em lands right on top of the gallows, and in a few seconds the 
noose-rope catches fire and burns right through and the Chief's free. And 
two or three others alight on the Stadium, and within minutes the whole 
thing's burning. Others started landing on homes, sheds, gardens, you name 
it; and before you know it the whole Shire is ablaze! The Perfesser, he 
tried to run, but before he could get more'n fifty feet a huge blazing 
piece of the Stadium tore loose an' landed on him an' crushed him an' set 
fire to him an' broke his back an' lit him on fire an'-"
     "We get the idea," Pipsqueak yawned.
     "Well, anyway," Robin went on, "the Chief gets down, and just as if 
he knew all along what was going to happen he calls everyone together an' 
forms squads, and he sends people to get buckets, an' forms one line down 
to the River an' another to the Lake, an' sends people to the areas 
downwind to evacuate and sound the alarm, like he'd been preparing for 
this day all his life. An' after the fires are put under control he calls 
a big meeting, and he says <i>This is the way things are going to be from 
now on,</i> an' he says what to do, an' everyone just ups and does what he 
says. And he got rid of all the wood everywhere, and nationalized all the 
student loans, and redistributed the sources of private fortunes, and had 
us rebuild everything proper, and gave us the new Rules to live by. And 
now all's well as ends better!"
     "Rules?" Morrie snapped. "What rules?"
     "Didn't you see them?" Robin replied, proudly gesturing with his nose 
towards one wall. "The Rules. There's copies everywhere."
     The four hobbits turned to look, and saw a document carefully 
embroidered into a non-flammable fabric hung upon one wall:


                     --- The Rules ---

  i. There shall be NO MORE WOOD. We shall build a mighty Wall to
     keep it out.
  ii. Any individual who hoards wealth greater than one quarter
  of one percent of the
     total Shire economy shall either redistribute it for the
     common good or be put to quick and painful death.
  iii. All food, supplies and drinks shall be shared equitably by all
     people, as moderated by the People's Board of Sharing.
  iv. Due to unacceptable health and social risks, beer, alcohol and
     pipe-weed are hereby banned from the Shire forever.
  v. Except in times of civil emergency, only Shrrrfffs are allowed
     to carry weapons. Sword-control laws shall henceforth be
     rigorously enforced.
  vi. All new buildings must be constructed of non-flammable materials
     in accordance with the new SNSI building codes.
  vii. The use of fireworks within the Shire is absolutely and expressly
     forbidden for all time.
  viii. Spitting within the Shire will no longer be tolerated.
  ix. Never, EVER, speak of He Who Must Not Be Named.
  x. Thou shalt not bear false witness.
  xi. Neither a borrower nor a lender be.
  xii. Please wipe your feet before entering or leaving the Shire.


     There was a long silence as the travellers contemplated all they had 
heard. Finally Sam spoke. "Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute," 
he growled, disbelief twisting in the pit of his stomach. "Are you 
saying," he gargled, "are you saying the Revolution's already come, and 
I've <i>missed</i> it?"
     "Yeah," Robin said cheerfully. "Isn't it great?"
     Sam turned away in astonishment, too amazed to even attempt dialect. 
Morrie gathered the others together. "This is ludicrous," he snapped. "We 
didn't explore smuggling and business opportunities throughout Gondor™ 
and Rohan just so we could find ourselves demoted to peasant laborers when 
we got back. We represent the three richest dynasties in our countryside. 
We've got to do something."
     "Like what?" Pipsqueak said obediently.
     "Raise the Shire!" Morrie answered overdramatically. "You can see 
that everyone hates this - everyone who's important, anyway," he added, 
with a disparaging glance towards the bound Shrrrfff - "and they'll all be 
eager to see these grubby little peasants set back to rights. We'll get 
the Families. Tonight we'll sneak out under cover of darkness and get our 
clans together, and tomorrow we'll have a secret meeting to plot 
counterrevolutionary terror. With good planning we'll be back at the top 
of our ivory towers within a week and this 'Chief' will be a beggar in the 
wilderness. Or better still a beggar in the Brandywine with fancy new 
cement overshoes."
     "What about Sam?" Frodo asked in a rare display of cognizant 
thinking.
     "Sam," Morrie snapped. "Stupid leftist bastard. We'd better eliminate 
him." And in a flash he drew steel and whipped around, only to find the 
door open and Gamgee gone. "Damn him!" Morrie shouted. "He's escaped! 
We'll have to start moving now, before he can raise the cry against us. To 
the Families! Steal ponies and ride, ride hard! Bring all the forces you 
can muster to the Three-Farthing Stone by midday. The Counterrevolution 
begins!"
     With that the three ran enthusiastically to the door, Morrie only 
hesitating long enough to put a sword-point through Robin Wheelburrow's 
defenseless throat.

     Frodo, after stealing a pony but accidentally drowning it in the 
River, snuck through the grass on foot near the Sackville-Baggins estate. 
What he had seen of this part of the Shire was striking: instead of living 
in holes in the ground hobbits were now living in charming aboveground 
homes of stucco and stone, with little balconies and modest terrazzo 
sunrooms, and everyone seemed happy and well-fed. Even people he 
recognized as being his former wage-slaves seemed as content as he'd ever 
seen them. He withheld a shudder and continued on.
     At last he neared the Sackville-Baggins mansion, and was surprised to 
see it partially burned, since he hadn't paid much attention to the story; 
but workmen were rebuilding the walls with stately brick, and keeping what 
they could of the elegant windows, and new marble stairs led up to the 
porch. But Frodo was unprepared for the sign: where originally Lobelia had 
a sign which read PRIVATE PROPERTY: STAY OUT OR BE SHOT, now there was a 
stone marker which read simply, SACKVILLE-BAGGINS CHARITY HOSPITAL - ALL 
WELCOME.
     <i>What the hell?</i> echoed Bilbo's angry voice in Frodo's head. <i>Charity 
my eye. Probably steals their wallets or something. Ugly old pincushion. 
Get up there! Ring the bell, you knock-kneed little twerp.</i>
     Frodo, fearing to get too close to the happy workmen, who might be 
somewhat less happy if they recognized him, fought down Bilbo's mutterings 
and instead went towards the back of the property, where he wormed his way 
in through a half-burned back door. In a moment or two he found himself 
face-to-face with Mumbo Sackville, a third cousin twice removed, once via 
the front door and once through a plate-glass window.
     "Frodo?" Mumbo said in astonishment, lifting his reading glasses. "We 
hoped - well, that is, we <i>thought</i> you were dead."
     <i>Book-learned and about as useful as a drugged wombat,</i> Bilbo's voice 
commented drily.
     "Mumbo!" Frodo answered, feigning affection. "Is Lobelia here? And 
the rest of the clan? It's business, important business, and I'm in a 
hurry, so no gumbo."
     "We were just heatin' up a pot," Mumbo said sadly. "But if you 
insist. Grandma's downstairs, in the fruit cellar. I'll just go upstairs 
and get Norman. And the rest; most of the family's here these days. 
Tendin' to patients, they are. Though Grundy's tryin' to tow a carriage 
out o' the swamp." And with that Mumbo departed, leaving Frodo alone to 
some inexplicable dread and the sound of squealing violins echoing in his 
mind. He slowly descended to the fruit cellar, and there, in the glow of a 
single bare lantern, he found Lobelia, sitting in a swivel chair facing 
away from him.
     "Lobelia?" Frodo asked cautiously.
     The chair swung around, slowly, ominously. The face of Lobelia looked 
at him. Her eyes seemed, to him, to be deep and empty, but suddenly the 
flash of recognition shot through them, and slowly she rose to face him.
     "Lobelia," he said softly, "it's Frodo. Frodo Baggins. I need your 
help."
     "I'll give ye help, ye dirty thieving ruffian!" Lobelia screamed, and 
suddenly began hammering at Frodo with her heavy iron umbrella. When the 
other Sackville-Bagginses arrived, it took five of them to drag her off 
him.

     "Wait, wait, Nibs!" old Tom Cotton shouted. "It's Sam, Sam Gamgee by 
the look of him. Though he don't look like he's changed clothes in about a 
year." Nibs lifted his pitchfork and cautiously stepped off of Sam's 
chest, and Farmer Cotton helped him up. "Hullo, Sam!" he said eagerly, 
pumping Sam's hand in a piston-like handshake. "We'd heard you were dead, 
or selling aluminum siding, which pretty much amounts to the same thing."
     "I'm fine," Sam gasped. "Except for my chest. And my hand. Look. Mr. 
Frodo's back, and Mr. Morrie and Mr. Pipsqueak as well, and they're 
planning to seize power. They're gathering their forces or somesuch. We've 
got to be ready to put the screws to them and step on 'em like last week's 
tunafish!"
     "Can't say it doesn't sound like fun," Farmer Cotton opined. "Though 
the Revolution was surprisingly bloodless, y'know, and folks here mostly 
just wants t' live in peace with dignity and reasonably favorable economic 
circumstance. Once the gap between the rich an' poor was leveled off, most 
people realized they really wasn't in the mood for bloodshed. When 
everybody had enough to eat, and a warm place to stay and some 
opportunities for bettering themselves in different ways, people got more 
peace-loving and really weren't all that interested in class warfare any 
more. That's called <i>non-hoarded prosperity giving dignity to all,</i> that 
is. The Chief taught us that."
     "But they're out to ransack the Shire and take back control of 
everything," Sam garbled.
     "Well, that won't do, I suppose," Farmer Cotton replied. "Though a 
little bit of capitalism and potential for profit isn't necessarily a bad 
thing. Fosters thriftiness and innovation. It's just when wealth gets all 
centralized and you get a class of have-nots that it starts runnin' into 
trouble. But if you say they're plannin' to take over the whole Shire, 
well, then I suppose I could call a few o' the boys an' put the word out. 
Shoudn't take more'n, oh, about a week. Then we can discuss the possible 
social and political ramifications of such an attack at next month's 
potluck. Hey, d'you still make that potato salad you used t' make?"
     Sam choked on his answer when he saw Rosie - lithe, riveting Rosie - 
come out of the farmhouse wearing a striking red dress. She had been 
listening at the window. "I think you look fine, Sam!" she yelled. "But if 
you'd been so interested in killing Mr. Frodo, why didn't you do it months 
ago?"
     This was too much for Sam. It required either a weak answer, or none.

     Pipsqueak rode his stolen pony out towards the northeast of the 
Shire, towards the Great Smials of Tuckborough, with a heavy heart. He 
didn't know how the Old Took was going to react. While the Tooks had 
always run their country with a deadly singlemindedness of purpose, they 
were never as mercenary nor as obviously greedy as the Bagginses or 
Brandybucks. Pipsqueak couldn't guess what the Old Took would think of the 
Counterrevolution, or how he would react to Pipsqueak for suggesting it.
     In honesty Pipsqueak didn't know what he thought of it himself. He 
missed the old Shire, it was true; but the new Shire was neat, and clean, 
and orderly, and all the hobbits he had seen seemed happy, with the 
exception of the one whose pony he had stolen. "Sorry, sorry," he had 
mumbled apologetically. "Really very sorry. I'll bring it back when I'm 
done. Here's a receipt." And after finishing the paperwork he rode off 
with a curious guilty feeling. Where did <i>that</i> come from, he wondered? In 
his childhood stealing ponies was as common as singing songs, or beating 
up peasant children.
     At last the gateway to the Great Smials, a stone archway erected long 
ago by the Keebler Elves to guard their ancient ovens, came into sight. 
Pipsqueak dashed through it, tethered his pony, put a coin in the meter 
and ran up to the ancient ancestral door. Half a dozen arrow-tips appeared 
at tiny holes around the edge of the doorway, a time-honored ritual dating 
back to Goribund Took the Solicitor-Free. "What d'ye want?" said the deep 
menacing voice of the door-ward within.
     "I am Paragraph Took, son of Palatine Took and Macy Loosemoral," 
Pipsqueak answered. "I seek an audience with the Old Took."
     "Paragraph Took? We'd heard young Paragraph was dead. Prove your 
identity!"
     Pipsqueak nodded. So it was to be the Trial. He understood. "I stand 
ready," he replied, as was the ancient custom, "and on afterburners."
     "Who delved the Great Smials?"
     "Isengrim it was, Isengrim the Mighty, maker of the Forge, Digger of 
the Great Doorsill, and - " he stood on one leg " - Wielder of the 
Ill-Omened Shovel."
     The voice sounded pleased. "Why are the Smials underground?"
     Pipsqueak recited the ancient <i>linnod</i> by rote. "Why shouldn't they 
be? Everything's gotta be somewhere. Mind your own business!"
     Again the voice was satisfied. "Can you produce the Ancient Key?"
     "C-flat," Pipsqueak replied obediently, humming one scale. "It's kept 
under the Mat."
     "Well, then, use it and come in."
     "Right."
     Pipsqueak flipped up the mat, grabbed the rusty key, and let himself 
in. Inside the Great Hall things had not been changed, and he was 
reassured to see his coat-hanger was still empty. "Good to see you, 
Pipsqueak," the doorward, Fahrenheit Took, said. "We'd heard you were 
dead, or maybe selling aluminum siding, which amounts to the same thing."
     "I don't know how these rumors get started," Pipsqueak muttered.
     "You made it in time for breakfast," Farrie continued, gesturing up 
the Central Stair. "It's the Count today, you know, chocolaty 
marshmallows? Most have already finished, but everybody's still there, 
awaitin' the High One. Hasn't eaten yet."
     "Good, that's good," Pipsqueak answered. "I need to talk to 
everybody, and I haven't much time." With that he darted up the stairs, 
and burst into the Great Hall of Breakfast set in its mighty chamber.
     The sun shone through the high eastern windows, reflecting down upon 
the great velvet curtains, red and electric blue, which always used to 
give him a nosebleed when he looked too hard at them. Forsaking his usual 
spot he went directly to the Adults' Table, without permission, a thing 
only done by three Tooks in all of history, and two of them were still to 
this day stuck downstairs doing dishes. "Hear me!" he shouted, and the 
table gave way to consternation then fell silent. "There is a rebellion 
planned against the Chief. It is taking place today! I must know if Tooks 
will support it or not. I must have an audience with the Old Took!"
     There was a hush. The High One's seat at the head of the table was 
empty. Everyone else seemed a little stunned. "Paragraph," old Adalgrime 
finally said quietly, "the Old Took is dead."
     Pipsqueak stood long in stunned silence. "Dead?" he whispered.
     "Yes," Adalgrime replied. "Didn't you see the new polo mallet's been 
added? Happened when the College burned down. The Old Took fell 
alongside..." here a venomous contempt crept into Adalgrime's voice 
"...the Perfesser. He thought he'd get tenure, and a wing named after him, 
but instead he got the Ash and the Fire."
     "Oh, my Eru," Pipsqueak gasped. This was too much. The Old Took was 
the only leader Pipsqueak, and most other Tooks, had ever known. "But... 
if he's dead..."
     "No leader can stand forever," said a new voice, ringing from the 
shadows. All heads turned to the darkened entranceway at the high end of 
the table. "Even the Old Took could not prevail against Time. But a new 
leader of the Tooks has been chosen." A figure could be faintly seen 
approaching the table, walking slowly but with great strength and dignity 
out of the shadows.
     "Paragraph," the figure continued, "you are welcome. You have brought 
us news, and have even come to the Adults' Table, risking infinite washing 
and dishpan hands, to do so. I appreciate your sacrifice. But now, you 
must keep silent. It is <i>my</i> job to decide how the Tooks shall proceed in 
this crisis." And with that the High One entered the light, and cast back 
the hood of the cloak.
     Pipsqueak swallowed. "...c..." he stammered. "...<i>Cassie?</i>"

     The paths to Brandy Hall had changed. The main road was still in its 
normal place, of course, though it had been repaved with beautiful new 
fishscale stones, and the slums had all been burned and then elegantly 
rebuilt. But Morrie, who never took the main road because he knew it was 
full of potential witnesses, took his usual back-way through the trees and 
under Deadman's Hollow.
     The trees were gone. The back-way road was now an amiable brick 
thoroughfare, and where he expected the entrance to the Hollow he instead 
found, to his horror, a double row of gift shops and small restaurants and 
a couple of bed-and-breakfasts. A short pier at the River where Morrie had 
more than once dropped off business associates attached to large rocks now 
stood host to a large tour-boat, its sign touting SCENIC RIVER TOURS OF 
THE BRANDYWINE - THREE TIMES A DAY! He stared in amazement and then rode 
on, two or three couples in a sidewalk cafe idly looking up to watch him 
pass.
     Even the Hollow was paved! Only a few ashes remained of the scrubland 
which used to provide cover from prying eyes. Morrie felt like he was in 
an alien world. Even the scrubbed and disinfected land of Gondor™ felt 
more slippery and dishonest than this - this, the very place where he had 
first learned his craft! Whoever this Chief was, he was going to pay for 
all this with his life.
     At last he reached the stables of Brandy Hall. He breathed a sigh of 
relief; here, at least, things didn't look as wholesome. Mordred 
Brandybuck was still there, and still cursing his horses as usual. "You 
foul useless nag!" he was shouting at one sweaty, exhausted horse. "Get 
the hell back onto that track or I'll fill a glue bottle out o' ye!"
     Morrie greeted him in the traditional Brandybuck way. "Get the hell 
out my way, you ugly mangy old bastard! Or I'll ride you down."
     Mordred looked up him, and squinted. "Who the hell are you?" he 
sneered. "This is still private property, y'know, whatever the so-called 
Chief might say. We don't hold with all these so-called 'community 
property laws' out here."
     Morrie smiled. This was more to his liking. "Glad to hear it," he 
replied. "Go wake the Family! There's business to discuss. I want to put 
out a hit. A <i>big</i> hit. There's a so-called Chief I want to take and put 
in an all-wood box."
     The older man regarded the younger in amazement. "An' what name shall 
I give the Family?" he asked.
     Morrie smiled. "Moribund Brandybuck," he grinned intimidatingly.
     "'Scuse me?"
     Morrie was amazed to find the older man staring at him in disbelief. 
"Mor-i-bund Brand-y-buck!" he enunciated. "You know? Morrie? The Mobster? 
Moribund son of Sorrowduck? The four-year-old kid who stabbed your 
favorite horse in the fetlock and got away with it because you were 
<i>scared</i> of him? You know damned well who I am, old man. I'm your worst 
nightmare."
     The older man's eyes betrayed fear, but he was still defiant. "I 
don't know who the hell you are, you foul-tempered little whelp," he 
snapped, "but you sure as hell ain't Morrie Brandybuck. I <i>know</i> Morrie. 
I've worked with Morrie. <i>Kid</i>," he continued with a sneer, "you're no 
Morrie Brandybuck."
     Morrie was beside himself. He pushed himself out of the way. "Ain't 
I?" he shouted, drawing steel. "<i>Ain't</i> I? Where do you think I am, then? 
Missing? Dead? Selling aluminum siding? Listen, stable boy," he sneered, 
holding his sword-point at Mordred's throat, "you tell the Family I'm here 
or you'll be in a glue bottle yourself faster than you can say Elmer."
     Mordred stared back angrily, and with more defiance than Morrie was 
accustomed to seeing from anyone, but at length he turned on his heel and 
walked towards the back entry of the Hall. Bucklebelt Hall! It was good to 
see it again. Morrie noted there was fire damage here, too, but not too 
extensive. Having the River close by the house probably made the 
difference.
     "Hey," he heard the old man call inside. "There's someone out here 
demanding to see the Family... That's right... And he <i>claims</i> he's Morrie 
Brandybuck!"
     Morrie let his gaze wander. Even here there were stacks of fresh-cut 
granite blocks, over by the fieldhands' entrance, awaiting the renovation 
of the Hall. <i>Might not be such a bad idea</i>, he had to admit. <i>More secure 
in case of siege. Extra stones could be handy for drowning difficulties.</i> 
He was considering how to pave over some old burial sites when the Family 
began filing out.
     There was Mordred again, stupid old fool. There were Gorbadass and 
Marmadoc, who started the Insurance; they'd be with him. There was Rorimac 
- Old Rory, 'The Goldfather'. He knew a good thing when he'd seen it. He'd 
go with the plan. There was Madoc, the proud-necked fool, and that ugly 
old Hanna; they'd protest, but it'd need more than them to vote him down. 
There was Gorbulas, and Mentha; they could be swayed. And there was...
     No.
     It <i>couldn't</i> be.
     "This absolutely can not be happening," Morrie said in a dangerous 
growl.
     "Oh, ho, it can," the figure answered happily. "Ja, ja! A long trip 
it was, ho ja, yet here I am, back in the embrace uf my luffing Family. 
Happy am I to be here! And who are you, there, stranger?"
     "You know damned well who I am," Morrie shouted. "You know damned 
well why I'm here! What I can't figure out is what <i>you're</i> doing here. 
What'd you do, Otto? Sweep the floors? Offer to dust their countertops? 
Did you bring your cleaning supplies with you, you filthy Nordic bastard?"
     Otto grinned. "'Otto'?" he asked happily, stroking his beard. "Nope. 
Must be someone else you've been thinking of there. My name ist Morrie 
Brandybuck, und this is my home, ant these people are my luffing Family! 
We are all very happy together, <i>ja</i>! But perhaps you are mistaken. 
Perhaps you are gone to the wrong House?"
     Morrie allowed himself one brief moment of shock and disorientation, 
then put it aside and jumped off his pony with steel in hand and fire in 
his eyes. "I should have killed you in the White Tower, janitor," he 
sneered. "But I'll have more fun doing it here at home, slowly." He 
stepped forward, and was stopped dead by the sound of ten cutlasses 
appearing in the hands of his family members.
     They were all pointing at him.
     "You even think it," Old Rory said slowly but with great presence, 
"and you'll be dead before you hit the River. Or you'll wish you were."
     "I can't believe this," Morrie expostulated. "<i>Look</i> at me! <i>This</i> is 
what I <i>look</i> like! Now look at <i>him!</i> The beard! The bushy eyebrows! The 
hands calloused from scrubbing bathrooms! Does he even <i>look</i> like me? Did 
you recognize him when he came home to Mother? <i>Did</i> you?"
     "Well, no," old Rory admitted. "But that's to be expected. He was 
much changed, you know, due to his travels and all."
     "That's lunacy!" Morrie shouted. "He was much changed because he's an 
impostor! A badly-dressed, short, ugly, lice-infested bleach-drinking 
impostor with an impossible dialect! Now look at <i>me</i>! Look: the dueling 
scar! The knife-cut over the ear! The beady, glinting eyes! Look," he 
said, reaching into a pocket for his greatest personal treasure, "my old 
brass knuckles with 'Punched By Morrie Brandybuck' engraved on the front 
surface in relief! They were a gift from <i>you</i>, Rory-"
     "Ja, ja," Otto cut in quickly. "I lost those! You must've found 
them."
     "-so why don't you admit that you made a mistake, throw this guy into 
the rendering vat and welcome me <i>home</i>?"
     The Family looked at him indecisively, then turned to Old Rory. The 
old man regarded him slowly for a long moment. "Well, there is a 
resemblance," Rory owned. "You do look and sound a fair lot like him. 
Though the <i>real</i> Morrie didn't float two inches off the ground like 
that."
     Morrie looked. He was floating. Stupid Ment-draughts!
     "I'll give you one chance," Rory continued. "<i>Prove</i> to us that you 
are Morrie Brandybuck. I'll ask each of you one question. The one of you 
that gets the answer right can stay. The one that gets it wrong will be 
banished. If he's lucky.
     "Seven years ago," Old Rory continued, "Gorbadass and Marmadoc were 
collecting insurance from the Hardgirdles. Fiona Hardgirdle refused to pay 
the premium. What happened three nights later? Stranger?" His level gaze 
fell on Morrie.
     "That's easy," Morrie smiled grimly. "Marmadoc took Fiona's son 
Finkle for a ride. He took him on the Mild Swamp Run, extra-slow. Next 
morning Fink was found half-drowned in a peanut-butter truck. He kept 
shouting something about 'worms, worms in the deep'. Fiona paid Gorbadass 
the protection money promptly that afternoon along with a
fifteen percent gratuity."
     Old Rory nodded once, slowly. He turned to Otto. "Morrie," he 
proceeded, "seven years ago Gorbadass and Marmadoc were collecting 
insurance from the Hardgirdles. Fiona Hardgirdle refused to pay the 
premium. What happened three nights later?"
     "I don't know. What?" Otto answered genuinely.
     "Fiona's son Finkle was found half-drowned in a peanut butter truck 
the next morning," Rory continued. "They say he was found shouting 'worms, 
worms in the deep'. Fiona paid her insurance premium that afternoon and it 
never happened again."
     "Really? Gosh!" Otto replied automatically. "First I'd ever heard uf 
that kind uf story. What an amazing, um, thing! Nope, completely news to 
me. First I'd ever heard uf any such story like that one there."
     "Ah-HA!" Morrie shouted. "See? See? Ha ha ha <i>haa</i>! That settles it, 
then!"
     Old Rory looked at him slowly. "That's right," he answered quietly, 
"it does." He stepped slowly up alongside Otto. Morrie could see fire 
burning in his eyes. "A lot of people in the Shire have heard all the 
rumors about old Fiona. But a Brandybuck..."
     Here his eyes lifted, and fell full on Morrie.
     He put his arm around Otto. Morrie felt a cold nausea stirring in the 
pit of his soul.
     "A <i>true</i> Brandybuck," Rory continued, "would never admit to knowing 
anything about it."

     It was three hours past midday, and Frodo was getting worried. He was 
at the Three-Farthing Stone, a handful of Bagginses and Sackvilles 
accompanying him, and there had been no sign of Morrie or of Pipsqueak. 
Okay, Pipsqueak was unreliable. He probably got lost or went into an 
amusement park or something. But Morrie was as punctual as Death. What 
could be delaying him? Had Sam caught him?
     He looked around again. The Three-Farthing Stone used to be such a 
joke. Legend had it that old Jatuzik Oldbuck had planted the stone at the 
exact center of the Shire's main road-crossing as a traffic obstacle, then 
offered to remove it for the sum of three farthings. Absolutely no one 
would pay him, though, and everyone just got into the habit of going 
around it. Now, Mumbo Sackville had explained to him, it had become 
revered. "During the night of the Fire, six fire-flies landed on it," he 
explained. "Three of them got squashed under the Chief's Axe, and young 
Odo Bigfoot rolled the stone over onto the other three to crush 'em. It 
helped turn the tide that night. Now everybody's saying the Stone's a 
national treasure, and old Jatuzik put it there by divine inspiration. 
Might even be true, for all I know," Mumbo had added, having the decency 
to look slightly embarassed.
     And now there was this Park. They'd repaved the roads, moving them 
several yards off to the side as they did so, and now the area of mud and 
dried twigs had been cleared and neatly landscaped, picnic tables put in, 
and fresh green grass planted and generously watered. A small fountain had 
been built around the Stone, and the water tinkled merrily over the 
soaking obelisk. When had this happened? It couldn't have been very long; 
yet the fifteen or twenty Sackville-Bagginses there were eating and 
playing lawn darts as though they'd been doing it there for years. Frodo 
had even watched a little child from a peasant family, not more than three 
or four, walk up to the Three-Farthing Stone, touch it gently like a holy 
talisman, then blush and run away. What the hell had become of the Shire? 
Where the hell was Morrie?
     At last he heard a sound: the sound of ponies, and a disheartening 
little <i>honk, honk</i> which he recognized as a cheap souvenir Horn of Rohan. 
He stood. From eastward came the trudging of ponies, not more than fifteen 
or twenty, with Morrie riding slowly in the lead. He looked like he'd been 
dragged through a swamp, and maybe a river and some gravel as well.
     "Morrie!" Frodo shouted. "Morrie! Thank Eru! I thought you'd never 
get here."
     Morrie looked pained. "Otto," he whispered. "Call me Otto."
     "What? But, Morrie, you-"
     "Otto! Look, just shut up, I'm in no mood to explain. This it?" 
Morrie asked, gesturing to the fifteen or so disgruntled relatives Frodo 
had brought with him.
     "Uh, yeah," Frodo admitted. "This is what I could find. Most of the 
family..." He swallowed. This was hard to admit. "Most of the family seems 
to <i>like</i> things now." Frodo saw the look in Morrie's eyes and swallowed. 
"Maybe it's because Lotho was-"
     "Don't say the Name!" a chorus of nearby Sackvilles hissed.
     "-was responsible for all this," Frodo continued. "They seem to 
feel... <i>guilty,</i>" he ended, the very concept of the word feeling alien 
and unfamiliar in his mouth. A Baggins, feel <i>guilty</i>? It was like saying 
they were made of cream cheese. "But what about you? Where's the rest of 
the Brandybucks?"
     "Not coming," Morrie said shortly.
     "Not coming!" Frodo said in amazement. "But you said you'd bring an 
army. You said almost <i>everyone</i> in the Hall would support you."
     "I did," Morrie replied in a monotone. "These are the Brandybucks who 
<i>don't</i> support Morrie."
     Frodo just stared. The Brandybucks dismounted, and began mixing with 
the Sackvilles and Bagginses. They had brought some provisions, including 
fresh Kool-Aid and more potato salad, which they proceeded to share. 
"Unbelievable," Morrie grumbled to himself. "About as rebellious as a 
plate of cheese fries. Pipsqueak been here yet?"
     "No," Frodo replied, nursing an umbrella bruise. "He's probably out 
eating cotton candy or something."
     "Well, maybe this'll do," Morrie muttered to himself. "We use a few 
to create a distraction, maybe start a fire if anyone in this rabble still 
knows how to light one. That ought to bring this Chief and his ilk, and if 
this pile of apes can make a clear path to him you and I can move in for 
the kill. No, maybe I'll go in by myself," he added, looking again at 
Frodo. "We'll set up in Bywater; Bywater's good ambush country. With a few 
more people we'd have better odds of doing it and staying alive 
afterwards, but if we can retreat quickly-"
     "Look!" Frodo gasped in amazement.
     Along the northeast road they could see troops - troops, a hundred 
strong already visible in the distance and more appearing, the sun 
glinting off their many swords wielded proudly in direct defiance of Rule 
Five. A familiar figure strode proudly at their head. "I'll be damned," 
Morrie said in amazement. "Pipsqueak! Pipsqueak Took! Who would ever 
believe he could do anything right? And he's got at least a hundred Tooks 
with him!"
     In fact it was fully three hundred; all of Took-land had emptied with 
the news, and Pipsqueak had been put in charge of them all. Onward they 
came: Fahrenheit, and Faraslax, and Roquamunda Took, and Pancho and 
Sancho, and Adalgrime, and Torquamanda, and fiery Tabasco, and even 
Oleomargarine Took sitting straight and proud in his wheelchair. They 
filled the picnic benches and overflowed them, spilling out everywhere 
onto the grass. At last Frodo saw the one Took he was especially hoping to 
see.
     "Cassiopeia!" he blurbled, going up to the beautiful young Took. "Oh, 
I can't tell you how many times I've thought about you!"
     "Paragraph told me you were here," Cassiopeia replied sweetly.
     "Oh, it's gonna be grrreat," Frodo said stupidly, like a half-witted 
breakfast cereal ad. "We're going to kill the Chief and his men and 
restore the old socioeconomic order and reestablish an unfavorably 
weighted capitalist economic system. After that, mmmaybe..." He paused. He 
swallowed. "...mmmmmmaybe I could take you for a milkshake?"
     "Hmm," Cassiopeia answered noncommittally, though she was still 
smiling. "I admit I'm very interested in what you're planning. So tell me: 
what kind of scheme do you have for dealing with the Chief?"
     Frodo told her, making sure it sounded like his idea and not 
Morrie's. "Now that we've got more people, we might make some changes," he 
added. "But I'm sure it'll be Bywater, tonight. Afterwards maybe we can 
get together and celebrate."
     Cassiopeia smiled brightly. "Oh," she said simply, "after tonight 
there'll be a celebration, all right. You can count on it." And with that 
she shot him one final mysterious grin and vanished back into the crowds.
     Frodo felt very pleased with himself. <i>I wish I still had the Ring,</i> 
he thought to himself.
     <i>I wish I did, too,</i> Bilbo thought angrily back. <i>And we'd have it 
now, if you didn't have clam chowder for brains. This place is a damnable 
mess! How can you even </i>think<i> in here?</i>

     That night their plans were made. On the Hobbiton Road in Bywater, 
not far from Bagshot Row and the dwellings of the Chief, the mutineers 
brought cartloads of wood which had been hoarded by the Brandybucks in 
direct violation of Rule One. At dusk they set the wood up for a huge 
bonfire in the middle of the road; and the rebels, three hundred thirty 
strong, took their positions in hiding at Pipsqueak's command as Morrie 
and Frodo went ahead to light the bonfire. "I'm looking forward to finding 
out who this so-called 'Chief' is," Morrie sneered. "I'm going to make him 
suffer for what he's done to the Shire. And after he's dead," he added 
malevolently, "I'm going to go after that bastard Otto."
     "I thought you said <i>you</i> were Otto," Frodo frowned.
     "Skip it," Morrie grumbled. "Do you have a tinderbox? Or a match?"
     "Nope," Frodo replied.
     "No?" Morrie snapped, furious.
     "No!" Frodo replied. "I dropped my pack when we were running from the 
fire! Remember?"
     "That was back at the beginning of the chapter," Morrie sneered. 
"Nobody can remember back that far."
     <i>Certainly not the readers,</i> Bilbo echoed.
     "Well, can't <i>you</i> light it?" asked Frodo.
     "You can't <i>guess</i>?" Morrie snapped. "I can't believe you even had to 
ask. You brainless antelope."
     <i>You'd resent that,</i> Bilbo added, <i>if you weren't so damned stupid.</i>
     "Look, just <i>shut up</i>! -No, not you, Morrie. Otto. Whatever," 
blundered Frodo. "Look, I've just never lit a fire before, okay? That's 
menials' work. It's <i>beneath</i> me! Look," he continued, recoiling under 
Morrie's deadly gaze, "what do you expect me to do, anyway? Catch a 
Rogling? Steal some fresh fire from the Gods? Ask Sam to drop by and-"
     "Oh, I'm already here," Sam replied.
     "-light it for us? No, Morrie, Otto, whatever, if <i>you're</i> so damn 
smart, you'd..." Frodo continued, finally trailing off into a stupefied 
silence. He and Morrie turned. Sam was standing a short distance away, 
along with Rosie and a handful of stout peasants carrying a dangerous 
array of sharpened farm implements. In the shadows behind them Frodo could 
make out a small line of bowmen.
     "Well, the worm has turned," Sam Gamgee announced. "I warn ye: you 
are standing in the light, directly under a streetlight actually which was 
very bad planning if I may say so, and ye are covered by archers. If you 
two do so much as sing a song with conservative lyrics I'll have ye both 
shot. Drop y'r unregistered illegal weapons and step back five paces! 
O'course ye don't <i>have</i> to if ye don't <i>want</i> to," he added maliciously.
     Frodo dropped his sword, only to be kicked by Morrie. Morrie began 
laughing derisively. "Sooo! You think <i>we're</i> trapped? You think <i>we're</i> 
caught? Not likely, you sniping proletariat bastard. I think I've been 
looking forward to this moment even more than Frodo. <i>Mutineers!</i>" he 
cried in a great voice. "<i>Attack!</i>"
     There was a great cry, and out of the darkness came Pipsqueak and his 
army of three hundred thirty armed rebels. They ran forward, with Morrie 
and Frodo quickly joining them. Sam and his small group drew their weapons 
and prepared to make a last stand worthy of a highly liberal song when a 
new cry, deep within the mutineers' ranks, rang out in a woman's piercing 
voice:
     <i>Tooks! Follow my command!</i>
     And the Tooks, three hundred strong, followed the ingenious and 
secret plans of Cassiopeia, High Thain of the Smials, and turned at once 
upon the mutinous Brandybucks and Sackvilles and Bagginses, whom they 
outnumbered ten to one, and tore their weapons away, and took all captive; 
and Paragraph their captain won renown by dashing forward and hewing 
Morrie's sword-hand from his arm before that chief of mutineers could harm 
the noble Sam Gamgee, icon of the proletariat; and Cassiopeia Took herself 
dashed fearlessly through the ranks of her people in time to deliver a 
devastating right-hand blow to Frodo Baggins' unresisting glass jaw.
     Thus ended the Battle of Bywater, before it really began, and even 
before anybody could light the bonfire. It was accounted by many the last 
battle of the Revolution; though some contend the final battle came not 
then but later, in a land well outside the Shire, and a chapter or so 
further along. The names of all the mutineers were made into a List, and 
were carefully memorized by Shire law enforcement officers and immigration 
officials thereafter. Those named upon it were never cut any slack by 
anyone ever again; and at the top of the List in all accounts stand the 
despised names of Otto Who Claims He's Morrie Brandybuck and Frodo 
Baggins.

     Morning came, though little light came through the bars into their 
cell. For some time Frodo and Morrie had slept fitfully, awakened at 
whiles by their injuries and the crowds chanting, "Kill! Them! Kill! 
Them!" rhythmically in the music-filled streets outside. The guards had 
put a makeshift bandage onto the stub of Morrie's wrist, and there was a 
chance he might survive, but the odds were against it, and he was weak 
from loss of blood; and Frodo, though better off, still had a stinging 
pain in his jaw and the irate voice of Bilbo screaming epithets and 
one-liners in the darkened corridors of his mind.
     After a sullen meal of gruel and soggy breakfast cereal, the two were 
dragged outside by grim Shrrrfffs. "Come on, you two," the lead Shrrrfff 
growled, "your lawyer is here."
     "Lawyer?" Morrie slurred. "We don't have no lawyer. We don't need no 
steenking lawyer!" And he would have continued ranting in that vein if he 
hadn't felt Frodo's hand gripping his injured arm in terror.
     "<i>You're</i> our lawyer?" Frodo whispered in horror.
     Sam Gamgee grinned. "Court-appointed," he replied cheerfully, "by the 
local magistrate. You've heard of her, maybe? The Honorable Lobelia 
Sackville-Baggins? Seems she's become quite civic-minded since the 
Revolution, helpin' the poor an' runnin' that hospital an' all; positively 
respectable now, if y' ask me. But, here, now; we need t' get back t' 
business." He cleared his throat, and took out a short roll of fabric with 
a long list of charges inked onto it.
     "As I understands it," Sam continued, inspecting the roll, "you've 
been accused of the Murder of Six Shrrrfffs, one of 'em in cold blood, an' 
Smuggling Wood, an' Preparin' a Bonfire - shame ye didn't get that lit, 
y'know, because there's a <i>hell</i> of mandatory sentence for that one, an' 
it looks extreme even to me - an' Gate-breaking, and Breakin' and 
Enterin', an' Impersonatin' Respected Shire-folk, an' Rebellin' Against 
the Proper Order of Things - kind of ironic, that one; I always thought 
I'd be the one arrested for that - and Sayin' the Name, several counts 
there, an' Spittin' Inside the Shire, an' Unregistered Sword-Handlin', and 
Stealin' Ponies, an' Drownin' Ponies, that pony belonged to me Uncle 
Hamlong by the way-"
     "It won't stick," Morrie cut in weakly. "Nobody read us our rights."
     "Bein' just come from foreign parts, an' not having signed in, ye 
don't have any," Sam snapped. "Now there's a lot more here, but it's not 
relevant, you're both obviously guilty, so you may as well decide how ye 
want to handle it. What'll it be, then? <i>Admit You're Guilty</i>? Then ye'd 
go into work-release, outside the Wall, at the Quarries; there's a few 
other prisoners there, an' a surprisin' number of hobbits who are just 
civic-minded, too. O'course, since everybody remembers you, there's a big 
chance ye'd 'accidentally' get pushed under a slab-"
     "Doesn't sound good," Frodo opined.
     "Aye, ye're right," Sam agreed. "Much too quick. How about, <i>Appeal 
Before The People</i>? In that, ye get up on a big platform and explain to 
the whole Shire your side of things, and then they decide your fate. Now 
there's a possibility."
     "I'd like that better," Morrie noted tiredly, "if it weren't for all 
those people over there chanting 'Kill The Interlopers, Kill The Firebugs' 
and waving all those kitchen utensils."
     "Hm, well, it's your business," Sam said sadly. "Well, there's only 
one other option open."
     "<i>Everyone Forgets The Whole Thing</i>?" Frodo cried hopefully.
     "<i>Give Us Swords And Let Us Hack Our Way Out</i>?" Morrie suggested.
     "Nope, it's <i>Appeal To The High Authority</i>," Sam said levelly, but 
with a kind of grim smile. He turned to the lead Shrrrfff. "Take 'em to 
the Chief."

     There was an odd holiday sensation - half harvest festival, half 
public lynching - in the air as the crowds jostled Frodo and the weakening 
Morrie over The Bridge and towards The Hill. Frodo could just get glimpses 
of the territory through the thronging, singing people. It looked like 
most of Hobbiton had been destroyed by the fires, and now had been mostly 
rebuilt, in a beautiful style that he would have described as Italian or 
Mediterranian if he knew what "Italian" or "Mediterranian" meant. The ugly 
Quonset hut that Bilbo had built for the Party was completely destroyed, 
and a public library and open school now stood in its place. Inside his 
head he could hear Bilbo howling.
     At last the crowds pushed them up The Hill. Here he got his first 
look at Bagshot Row, many of its mighty houses destroyed or standing as 
unstable structures of charcoal and ash. Then at the top of the Hill the 
crowd parted, and he saw Bag End once more, and for a brief moment 
rejoiced to see it was still standing. But a moment later Frodo found 
himself squinting in amazement.
     All the wood was gone. The wooden windowsills and beams had been 
replaced by rows of brick, intricate tilework and elegant steel trusses. 
The round green door was now replaced by a bright red one, with a sort of 
flower-shaped shield inscribed upon it with four red petals, inscribed 
with the letters <i>I A F F</i> and the legend "Local ninety
four - Uniformed Fire 
Fighters".
     The door opened, to a rousing cheer from the populace, and four 
hobbits came out wearing odd swept-back helmets and thick heavy coats - 
black coats on the east side of the door, yellow coats on the west - with 
strips of some Elvish material that took the sunlight and sent it back 
glowing like a beautiful sunrise back to the eyes. The four came to 
attention, revealing small argent shields each with a band of sable to 
remember the fallen, and then the Chief came forth.
     The people cheered. The Chief stepped out of the doorway, gestured to 
his men indicating that they should receive the people's praise before 
himself, bowed only once (and with, it seemed, embarassment), and then 
turned towards Morrie and Frodo. In his hands was a large, steel-handled 
Axe which seemed vaguely, hauntingly familiar, like a childhood memory. To 
Frodo's surprise the Chief did not look much like Aruman at all, though 
somehow he had half-expected him to. In fact, though, he looked like... 
like...
     "Fredegar Bolger?" Frodo whispered in amazement.
     The Chief looked full upon him. "I can't believe you actually came 
back!" he shouted, half torn between amazement and anger. "I can't believe 
you bothered, after all that trouble you went through to leave. And to 
leave me behind, too, all the way back in the middle of Book One, making 
sure you'd be going through a <i>forest</i> just so you could get rid of scared 
old Fatty Bolger! Well, it seems I wasn't needed on your so-called 
'Quest', so I made one of my own. And while you were out blundering 
around, visiting amusement parks and listening to grand opera and 
investing in Mordor real estate and pharmaceutical industries, I went 
ahead and saved the Shire and made it into something <i>decent</i> with <i>my</i> 
time."
    "Oh yeah?" Frodo said, sounding surprisingly juvenile. "Oh yeah? Look, 
we just got back from a great Quest! We threw the Ring into the Fire and 
put a King in Gondor™ and defeated the evil Gandalf and-"
    "Not what I heard," the Chief replied. "I heard some weird creature 
named Gullible destroyed the Ring, and that the King took the throne 
because his father-in-law the loremaster used ancient Brandybuck lore to 
murder the former Queen, and that Gandalf was actually defeated by some 
Earthsea dragons and an enraged Elf-lord. I've <i>also</i> heard," he growled, 
looking at their surprised faces, "that <i>you</i> were working for Sauron, 
that he'd promised you a large slave-plantation in his Eastern lands, that 
your friend here was planning to start a major drug trade in Gondor™ 
and Edoras-"
     "Not true! Not true!" they both cried out.
     "Is that a Deed sticking out of your shirt pocket?" he demanded of 
Frodo. "Is this the pipe-weed distribution network you drew up to show 
Pipsqueak last week?" he continued to Morrie. "And I also hear," Chief 
Bolger continued in the stunned silence which followed, "that you were 
planning to kill me last night and make the Shire an economically-divided 
plutocracy again."
     "I wish we'd succeeded," Morrie hissed.
     "Not me!" Frodo shouted, quickly putting some space between him and 
Morrie. "Not me! It was him! It was his idea! Not mine! I had nothing to 
do with it! I'm an innocent victim who just happened to be walking by at 
the time!"
     To his surprise he saw Cassiopeia, High Thain of the Tooks, step out 
of the crowd just off to the right. "Frodo," she said levelly, "you told 
me it was all your idea. That you thought of everything all by yourself."
     <i>Nice move, idiot,</i> noted Bilbo.
     Frodo gulped. The weakened Morrie shot him a glance like a fistful of 
daggers. "Um, uhm, uh," Frodo began articulately, "that was just, uhm, an 
exaggeration, well, a bald-faced lie actually-"
     "You <i>lied</i> to the High Thain of the <i>Tooks</i>?" Fredegar roared.
     "Wha, ah, whah, wall, I know it <i>looks</i> like that, but, uh, I, uh-"
     <i>Shut up, boy!</i> Bilbo roared in his ears. <i>You're digging the grave 
deeper every time you open your mouth. Why don't you just slip into a coma 
and let </i>me<i> take over?</i>
     "Enough!" commanded the Chief, and with that one word all of Hobbiton 
fell into silence. For a long moment the Chief paced back and forth, 
musing on all that had been said. "Neither of you can be trusted," he 
finally said quietly. "Not now, not ever. A treacherous blade is dangerous 
even to its owner. Therefore I pronounce you exiled: you shall leave the 
Shire forever, and never be allowed to return. The West-gate is just 
beyond. Go!"
     A murmur went through the crowd. "Don't let them go. Kill them! 
They're a pair of villainous murderers. Kill them!"
     "Kill them?" the Chief asked the crowd. "Kill them? What would that 
serve? Would it brighten the sky, or improve the harvest, or bring the 
Shrrrfffs back to life? Or would it just make villainous murderers out of 
us as well? No, you can't fight evil by doing evil yourselves. You can't 
fight fire with fire. If you try, you just end up with a bigger fire."
     The crowd fell into a hush, a quiet hubbub going from hobbit to 
hobbit as this idea was discussed. When the hubbub stopped Morrie and 
Frodo could see the people looking at the Chief with, if such a thing was 
possible, still greater respect. The Thain's voice suddenly lifted up with 
a cry of, "All hail the wisdom of the Chief!" And the cry was repeated by 
all, who then fell to cheering and sobbing for joy.
     This outburst of good feeling, however, did not stop the crowd from 
hustling Frodo and the wounded Morrie straight to the West-gate. At the 
Gate they gave each of them a small bag with three turkey sandwiches, a 
bottle of Tang, and a map of the area with a marked path leading as far 
away as possible. Then, as the door-ward pulled back the twenty-three 
bolts and opened the Gate, Samwise Gamgee appeared with a slight smile on 
his face.
     "I'll probably never see you again, Mr. Frodo," he said quietly. "And 
that's a shame, because if I ever saw you again I'd almost certainly end 
up gettin' to kill ye." And with that he drew out a pen and made two 
entries in the Gate-log:

   NAME              PURPOSE                       TIME OUT  TIME BACK
   <i>O. Ex-Brandybuck  Wander, suffer &amp; die          eight
   forty three AM Never
   F. Baggins        Suffer, suffer, suffer, etc.  eight forty
   three AM   Even longer</i>

The crowd surged forward. Frodo and the wounded Morrie were shoved 
outside. The gate closed with a CLANG and a series of twenty-three heavy 
<i>thung</i>s. Cheers and a song were heard from inside the Gate, gradually 
receding into the distance as the Shire returned to its many joyful tasks. 
Morrie and Frodo looked around at the lifeless desolation around them and 
the half-burned trees stretching off into the distance. A quiet wind, 
blowing dust, began to rise.
     <i>This is one hell of a fine mess you've gotten us into,</i> Bilbo 
echoed.


Without a word, Morrie began to drag himself off westward.  Frodo
followed listlessly.  Neither of them had the energy for the inevitable
round of backbiting that would certainly follow if either of them opened
their mouths.  Frodo, moreover, was entirely preoccupied with his internal
dialogue.
        <i>Stay with me, boy, and I'll get you out of this,</i> it chuckled drily.
But Frodo was not so sure; it is hard to trust someone who has torn one's
entrails open.  The sun reached its peak, and without the shade of the trees
to shelter them it soon became swelteringly hot.  Every time the wind picked
up ashes blew into their faces and choked them.  Frodo tried closing his eyes,
but every time he did so he saw, against the red and purple of his inner
eyelids, a vision of Gullible silhouetted against the Crack of Doom.
        Hours before the shadows grew long, both Morrie and Frodo had finished
their bottles of Tang, only to find that they were even thirstier.  Their
sandwiches were dry and salty.  By evening, they were both exhausted; the
road before and behind looked exactly the same, an ash-strewn path surrounded
by burnt and fallen tree-trunks on both sides.  The Roglings had done their
work well.
        As the sun set west beyond Unter Den Lindon Frodo collapsed, lying
face down in the dust like a dead man.  Morrie turned back and knelt down by
the body, his one remaining hand checking Frodo's pockets almost by instinct.
His hand closed around a letter.  But even as he drew it back he found
himself unable to rise, and slumped helplessly over Frodo's fallen body.  The
darkness took them both.
        It was the song of a bird that woke Frodo.  He lay still for a while,
eyes closed, only gradually feeling the uncomfortable weight of Morrie on his
back.  His memories fluttered in a cloud without connection or meaning, and
for a while at least the Voices were mercifully silent.  <i>A bird,</i> he thought.
<i>Where am I then? Hobbiton?  Rivendell?</i>
        Frodo's eyes opened to see grey ashes once again.  He tilted his head
back a little, and saw -- a green leaf.  This startled him out of his reverie.
He jerked his body sharply, and Morrie tumbled off his back with a muffled
curse.  Frodo raised himself on all fours.  As far as the eye could see, the
forest floor was awash in a cascade of green leaves.  The black pillars of
the dead trees stood up stark amidst the greenness, but there too leafy vines
were crawling up their sides.  Frodo almost thought he could see them growing
and extending themselves as he watched.
        Frodo tried to stand, only to find himself jerked back by one leg.
A creeper had coiled itself around his calf.  Grimly, he set himelf to uncoil
it.  He was not mistaken; it <i>was</i> putting out leaves even as he did so.  
        Morrie had put the letter inside his jacket as soon as he had come awake
again.  The vast greenness, and the piping of the birds, however, dumbfounded
him.  He sat on the ground and looked about, for once at a loss for words.
"Where the hell are we?" he asked.
        As if in answer, the warbling of birds broke out from all quarters.
And a mellifluous, cello-like baritone followed: 

        <i>Il core vi dono,
        Bell'idolo mio;
        Ma il vostro vo' anch'io, 
        Via, datelo a me.</i>

        And in response came a beautiful, rich mezzo-soprano: 

        <i>Mel date, lo prendo,
        Ma il mio non vi rendo;
        Invan mel chiedete,
        Più meco ei non è.</i>

        And again the baritone:

        <i>Se teco non l'hai, perchè batte qui?</i>

        And the mezzo replied:

        <i>Se a me tu lo dai, perchè batte qui?</i>

        And at last their voices joined in one:

        <i>È il mio coricino 
        Che più non è meco,
        Che più non è meco;
        Ei venne a star teco,
        Ei batte così, ei batte così,
        Ei batte così, ei batte così.</i>

        With that there was an immense clap of thunder, and a flash of lightning
from the clear sky.  When the dazzlement left Frodo and Morrie's eyes, they saw
striding toward them across the greenery two tall and beautiful figures, hand
in hand: one kilted but bare-chested, with a frog-mask; the other likewise
topless, with a skirt of shimmering red ornamented with black web-designs
and a fish-mask.  Obviously this was yet another one of those avant-garde
Mordortrash productions.

        "Shelob!  Sauron!" gasped Frodo.  "But I thought you were... I thought
she had enslaved you!"
        "Oh, zhoost for a leetle vile," Shelob answered with a smile.  "Von
gets szo bored."
        "The fall of Barad-dûr trasked her psyche somewhat," said Sauron with
a sardonic smile. "And possibly mine as well."
        "And did you do this?" Morrie asked, gesturing at the greenery with
his one good arm.

        "No," came a voice from behind them.  "That was my doing."  They
turned and saw Radagast, together with a strange little man in blue and yellow,
who began to sing before anyone could stop him:

        <i>Ho!  Little hobbit-folk, traipsing through the woods-oo,
        Lost amid the burnt trees, hair all full of kudzu!
        Where be you a-going now, all your viands eaten?
        Tell old Bombadil, or you'll soon be beaten!</i>

        And with that he produced a stout cudgel and waved it threateningly at
the hobbits.
        "We've been expelled from the Shire!" Frodo blabbed, before Morrie
could stop him.  "We're going to wander and suffer until we finally die!  And
until I heard Bombadil singing, I had no idea of just how bad this suffering
would be!"
        "Is that so?" said Radagast with a faint smile.  "Well, you have only
yourselves to blame.  You know that Shelob tried to warn you about it: <i>you
burned down your own house when you destroyed Stinky's,</i> she said, if I recall
correctly."  Shelob beamed.
        "You louse!" screamed Morrie.  "You <i>knew</i> that all this would happen,
and you let us go ahead without telling us!"
        "It was a test," Radagast answered with true Maiarin conviction.  "To
see how much you have grown up.  And indeed you have grown very great; you
see, Morrie, you're a little taller than the other hobbits..." (and indeed he
was, as he was still floating two inches off the ground) "...and Frodo's a
little taller than you..." (and indeed he was, being six feet tall).
        "What about Sam and Pipsqueak?" Frodo asked.
        "They failed.  Their progeny will be destroyed when the jungle is
let in upon Shire, and the elephants trample down their dwellings, and the
tiger and the wolf roam in the streets, and the bitter <i>karela</i> shall cover
all."  Sauron smiled ironically, but said nothing.
        "Sounds good to me," said Morrie.  "But what about us?  We've got
no food, no drink, and last I heard you couldn't eat <i>kudzu</i>."
        "You shall come with us!" said Sauron.
        "Indeed," nodded Bombadil, "for we have:

        <i>Pepsi and Sierra Mist, potato chips, burritos,
        Nachos fit for salsa dip, cheezos and tostitos,
        Roasted peanuts too we have, of any beer shall drink ye,
        Junk food brought from Bree-way, from Rivendell a</i> twinkie.

"I'm going as well," added Bombadil.  "The end of the war has really eaten
into my illicit activities, and besides, Goldberry threw away the key." 
With that Frodo and Morrie surged forward, and the two hobbits sat down
with the Maiar and had themselves a woodland feast.

        For two days thereafter the six of them pushed onward to the east,
and at last entered wooded lands where the fire had not spread.  One nightfall
they saw a strange glow coming from behind a hill, like the light of the moon
on the horizon when it rises.  Sauron and Morrie slipped off towards it.  When
they came to the crest of the hill, they saw many flashlights lighting the
ground or the leaves on the trees.  Elvish voices, filled with melodies as of
many songs, were speaking to each other.
        "No, you idiot, it's back that way!"
        "If we go in <i>that</i> direction we could be going in circles for days."
        "This is what we get for following Dullborn the Wise: 'I used to hold
this area of Gil-gallamine', says he.  'I know a short-cut to the Havens,'
says he..."
        "Quit complaining!  It's probably just beyond the next hill!"
        "That's what you said six hills ago!"
        <i>"Peace!"</i> said Sauron in a great voice.  Six flashlight-beams focused
on him at once. "If you seek the path to the west, it is just over the next
rise.  Follow me!"  So they returned to the path, and one by one the Elves
straggled in.  There were El Rond, Al Ladan and Al Rokar, Dullborn and
Galadriel, and much to their surprise, Arwen, Queen of Gondor.
        "What are <i>you</i> doing here?" Frodo and Morrie asked, but they were
ignored until Shelob repeated the question for them.
        "If you must know," El Rond said impatiently, "we are seeking a way
out of Muddle-earth.  Time was when this was a pleasant-scented environment,
with lavender bath-water and attar of roses... but now these smelly mortals
have made it impossible to breathe freely, so we are going westward, where
we remember a land of fresh-scented soap still lingers."
        "And there too are many golf courses," added Galadriel, "where the
trees do not grow.  Cursed be he who spoiled Lothlorien with his wanton
use of Tree Essence!  No golf has been played on the overgrown links for
many a day, alas alas."
        "But Arven?" Shelob asked.  "I szought you vos to merry ze fat
man, votzisnehm..."
        Arwen pouted.  "<i>I</i> said I was going to wed the King of Gondor™
and Arnor.  And what happens?  No sooner do we get on the throne, then
there's a rebellion in favor of Orkish Rights or some such nonsense, and
a movement for union with Mordor, and before long somebody's proclaiming
a Republic and forcing us to leave.  We didn't even get to take our
<i>palantariums</i>!  He had broken our pre-nup, so I got an instant divorce,
natch..."
        "So who's in charge of Gondor™?"  Morrie said, calculating
furiously the political ramifications.  Arwen condescended to notice him.
        "They had an election," she said.  "Can you believe it!  An
<i>election</i>! Why, they haven't done such a thing for over
three thousand years!  They have
a President now: someone named Spiegel, who ran on a platform of Orc-human
reconciliation.  Nothing about Elves, of course."  Morrie wondered briefly
whether Spiegel was corruptible...
        "Let us go on," Sauron said.  "There are miles yet to go before we
reach the Havens, and we may discuss many things upon the way."

        Long was the way they travelled, and bitter was the discussion (for
the Elves even got on each other's nerves), but as they had nowhere else to
go they must perforce remain in each others' company until the end of the
Road.  And they came at last to an Elvish city, and entered the gates, and
walked down the long tree-lined boulevard that is named Unter Den Lindon,
where Sauron sang many an operetta melody, and so at last came to the quays
of the Havens.
        There Captain Cirdan greeted them, and showed them a White Star Liner
waiting to sail over Sea.  Crowds of people thronged the wharves, some to
board the ship, others just to see it, for it was the biggest of its kind
ever built, and was deemed unsinkable.  And there upon the gangplank stood
two clothed in turquoise robes; and one had a staff in his hand and was as
ugly as a macaque, with a golden circle about his head, and the other was
fat as a hog and held a sharp-tined muckrake.  Then Radagast was glad, for
he knew that Morenaughtie and Rumpustum, the Turquoise Wizards, were leaving
Muddle-earth, and he believed that he would be the only Maia left to rule
the whole.
        "Now you shall set sail for the Blissed-Out Lands," said Radagast,
"and going there your hurts shall be healed forever.  Frodo, Morrie; I take
my leave of you.  May your journey be safe and may your end be what you
desire!"
        "What!" exclaimed El Rond.  "I never agreed to sail with <i>mortals!</i>"
And to this all of the Elvish company, for once, agreed.

        Radagast shrugged.  "Well, I guess you're off the boat," he said to
Frodo and Morrie.  "Too bad, but you know Elves are better than other folk."
        Then Shelob blew kisses to the hobbits, and she and Sauron and
Bombadil and the Elves climbed aboard; and the siren sounded, and the ship
was tugged out of the haven, and slowly slipped out through the dank murky
waters of Mithlond harbor.
        Frodo stood, dumbstruck for a minute or two.  Then he howled into the
deepening dusk: <i>"Nooo!"</i>  But it was not Frodo's voice.  "El Rond!  You
bastard! You promised me a ticket!  I'll get you if it's the last thing I
do!  My ticket!  I've got a ticket!  My precious..."  And with that he dived
into the ocean where the waiting arms of a beautiful puffer embraced him.
        And the ship went out into the High Sea and passed into the West,
until at last on a night of fog it struck a gigantic iceberg, and went down;
no tale is told in Muddle-earth of who might have survived, although legends
circulated about a seductive eight-finned mermaid and a merman with a
stentorian baritone voice.
        But to Morrie the evening deepened into darkness as he stood at the
haven, seeing only a glitter on the waters that was lost in the West.  He
stood there far into the night, until the noise of the waters repeated
endlessly in his ears became loathsome to him, and he never again went to
the seashore.
        He turned around.  Radagast was gone.  The quays were silent and
deserted.  He drew the letter from his pocket and read it by the light of a
standing lamp, then balled it up and threw it into the sea. "Birds and
trees?" he murmured to himself.  "We'll see about <i>that.</i>"
