Frodo woke to find Dr Faramir bending over him. For a second a ray of
hope seized him, and he felt his stomach muscles contracting.
        "There is nothing to be happy for," said Dr Faramir. "I definitely
feel nothing for you."
        Frodo's hopes vanished.
        "Wake up, you fool," said Dr Faramir and hit him in the back with
a rubber stethoscope. "Sam, your entrusted servant, thinks that you
should have your part in the deeds that will follow. I would have gladly
let you rot in this spare dungeon in the depths of our beloved University,
but Sam convinced me that you could make for an interesting experimental
subject. Move!"
        Frodo searched for his trusted sword, but that must have been
removed from him while he was asleep. It seemed to him also that the dungeon
had been redecorated slightly while he slept, and now had mood-lighting,
a plush purple throw-rug and garish upholstery. But Dr Faramir remained
standing impassive before him, and two of his lab-assistants stood near the
door with great cattle-prods. Taking the hint Frodo walked quietly to the
door, taking pains not to make any sudden movements. He was thankful to Sam
for having the idea of getting him out of that stinky (was that patchouli
oil?) basement Faramir was pompously caling his "dungeon".
        They climbed through anonymous corridors, lighted here and there by
old blacklight bulbs. In the end they reached something that looked liked a
closed balcony, suspended over a large hall. Some of Dr Faramir's men were
stationed along the walls, looking out through narrow embrasures at some
sight outside. Bad mood music (reminiscent of the mighty wails of the
Elven-queen <i>Janis</i>, yet canned and distilled like something meant for
old men in a seedy public-house) was playing from some unknown source, and
multicoloured posters trumpeted the achievements of the <i>doors</i> and some
sort of <i>airplane</i>. Dr Faramir stood beneath a mirror-ball and the stars
of Gondor™ wheeled and spun above his head.
        "Tonight, Lieutenant, we have a mystery to solve," he said
melodramatically.
        Frodo went to one of the embrasures and peered out. Outside were
grey peaks in a rough semicircle, which Frodo thought were the peaks of the
Ethel Duwap until he saw they were made of broken concrete. Some old Peter
Max posters had once been affixed to the broken walls in a pathetic and
unsuccessful effort to make the space look friendly. Their peeling edges now
shone faintly green and grey from accumulated mildew. Frodo thought he could
see the moon over Gondor™ peeking over one of the cracked walls; yet it was
only the glare of an old <i>quartz/halogen</i> light, such as were fashioned
by the Velour in the early days of Arda when work-lights were scarce, and
Frodo was simply too uninterested to make the distinction.
        Far below, in a rough concrete pool, dirty water was swirling 
menacingly.

        "What is she, Anblorb?" asked Dr Faramir to a man standing in a 
higher position, looking down with a spyglass. "Is she a <i>bimbo</i>, as we have 
not seen in years? Is she one of those feminist activists we ushered out 
decades ago? Is she a female at all?"
        "'Tis not a <i>bimbo</i>, whatever else it be," answered Anblorb. "It has
icky feet and dives manwise. Not that it show too much skill, though; in fact
it is quite inept." And he grinned. "I think she is unaware of our presence. I
have a bow here - " here he grinned and pointed towards a huge, menacing siege-
crossbow mounted on a nearby trolley - "and I have other men with similar weapons
of mass destruction posted around the entrances. We are just waiting for your
order to proceed, Doctor. One word from you and we can unleash enough weaponry
to completely obliterate our own fortress." And he grinned again.
        Frodo wondered what were they talking about. He looked down again but
could see nothing. Looking again from a different embrasure, however, he saw a
skinny body moving slowly by the pool's edge. The thing, wrapped in an old towel,
was cautiously trying the cold water in the pool with one long toe.
        "Should we fire our shots at her?" asked Dr Faramir, looking at Frodo.
"It is for you to decide. I am pursuing a psychological experiment here and, yes,
you are a part of it. Feel free to decide. You have grown thinking each human 
being is different and that we all should be treated with the respect that is
shown to a unique being-"
        "I never once thought anything of the kind," Frodo snapped, insulted by
such a plebian attitude.
        "Anyway, what is it?" Dr Faramir continued. "Is it a spy, or a snack, or
some new species of crustachean? Is it a female? Would it be interested in going
to the prom? I've got a tuxedo," he preened proudly. To Frodo's eyes Dr Faramir
seemed younger than before, much younger, and his hair seemed slicked back in a
strange new manner. "But if she <i>won't</i> go to the prom with me," he continued
angrily, "I'll blow the entire fortress right out the bottom of our Flat Earth!
It'll be China Syndrome right through the back of the turtle! I've had enough and
I'm not going to take any more!-"
        "<i>I'd</i> go to the Prom with you," Frodo said hopefully.
        "Ask her!" Dr Faramir continued, unhearing. "Ask her! If she says yea,
I'll buy you a soda, or something. If she says <i>nay</i>, however..." Here the Doc-
tor's countenance grew fierce. His skin turned red and the Brylcreem on top of
his head began to smoke. Horns began showing from the top of his head. "If she
says nay, then I'll blow this entire soliloquy apart! <i>Bang</i> go the bandages
and the trestles! There'll be a smoking hole left where the high school used to
be! My wrath shall be one with the Way of the Albatross!" Frodo looked at Dr
Faramir's wild eyes and foaming mouth and stepped back in amaze.
        "Go!" Faramir continued. "Ask her. But if you dare return without her
ankle-bracelet, the very fires of Doom shall be unleashed upon you, upon her,
upon us all! Go! And spare not the fifty five Chevy, which my ancestors held in great
esteem in days of old. Go!"

        Anblorb grabbed the small hobbit and, holding him by the neck like a
cat, moved quickly along a dark passage. In time and after much stumbling they
reached an airlock, inexplicably marked NO SNORKELS, where the vicious guard
threw Frodo in through the first door, slammed it and spun the wheel. Frodo
could hear water splashing outside the door opposite. A man dressed in an
academic's robe was hidden in the dark, trembling of cold. When he saw Frodo
his grim face changed to a hopeful one, but after getting a better look at the
hobbit he went grim once more and returned into the dark corner. Frodo stood
dumbly for a long moment until the academic reemerged, pointedly gestured at
the wheel in the second door, and again withdrew. Finally Frodo took the
wheel - it seemed icy and menacing to the touch - and gave it a good spin; and
then another spin, and still another. It felt good. He could have spun the
wheel in his hands all day.
        Just as Frodo was beginning to really enjoy it, though, the wheel
suddenly stopped with a disheartening <i>splglunk</i> and the airlock door
slowly creaked open on its hinges - loud, squeaking, portentious melodramatic
hinges. With a sigh of disappointment (and a curious guilty feeling that he had,
somehow, already failed, and a suspicion he was being laughed at), Frodo went
through the airlock and crawled down the long narrow tunnel leading down into
the cave.

        Frodo looked around. There were only the gray walls all around, and the
rush of water from some great fissure above into the pool before him. The posters
on the walls looked even worse when viewed more closely. Nothing indicated the
presence of the observation room suspended above, beyond the southwest wall.
        He crawled towards the edge of the pool. At first he could not hear
anything above the rush of the falling water, but as his ears adjusted he was
able to notice words near the water's edge.
        "Ssssss! Ayyyy. Hushhh. Darn cold water! How is poor Gulibbl supposed
to eat fishess and prawnss? No romantic dinner with poor Spiegel, noo, not
even the candles stay lit in this misst. Not likely to get a table in thiss,
even with a reservation. Ssssss! Tricksy hobbits, they woo Spiegel, they
insults her, yes, <i>insults</i> her, with their bad-tempered remarks and bourgeoisie
standards, and Gullible never getss her away for ten minutes, no, not even
for a quick tryst-"
        "Gulible," Frodo said quietly.
        Gulible stood abrubtly, dropping a handful of lace doilies. They fell
directly into the water. "Sssss!" the creature hissed. "Baggins! Filthy
bastard! All <i>day</i> I've been working on those."
        "Gullible," Frodo said again, trying an alternate spelling. "You must
listen to me. You're in terrible danger."
        "Ssstupid part to be cast in. Talks to my agent, I will," Gulible spat.
        "You're in terrible danger," Frodo needlessly repeated, hoping to
avoid a <i>non sequitir</i> reply this time. "Dr Faramir's watching us. He's
going to blow up the whole world and kill us all unless we appease him!"
        "Mother," Gulible said inexplicably.
        Frodo reeled. The single word stung him like a knife. He felt himself
sinking, sinking into a quagmire of itchy coddling. <i>I never knew my mother,</i>
Frodo thought to himself. <i>Though I heard rumours. They said it was a boating
accident. They said Bilbo had an alibi. They said she was a party animal. They
said I'd never amount to anything. They said I had a small member. Well, I'll
show them.</i> He turned on Gulible. "It's a lie!" he shouted. "I've always been
very proud of my body!"
        "Mother," Gulible muttered again. "She always liked <i>me</i> better. <i>Anyone</i>
who could wear pants. And now you want to get anything that isn't her, jusst to
show her. You basstard! This whole conversation is simply fraught with meta-
phorical significance."
        "I don't understand," Frodo said plaintively, echoing the sentiments of
most of the readers.
        At this Gulible turned away. Frodo imagined himself climbing a long
pole, or maybe a trout, which was equally insensible but served to get him out
of this odd state of literary symbolism he had found himself in. He hardened
his will, took a deep breath, and stepped towards Gulible with cold
determination in his eyes. "Gulible," he ordered, "put on that dress."
        "Ssssss?" Gulible hissed eloquently.
        Frodo pointed. A rack full of dresses were just off to one side. "Put
on that dress," he commanded, his hand reaching for the Ring. "That one. The
white cotton top and red plaid skirt. And the shoes and bobbysox. Be quick!
Faramir wants to dance!"
        Gulible seemed utterly confused, not least of all by the rack of
dresses. "Bobbobbysssocksess?" he hissed. "Sssss! Noooo! They hurts the
feet! Itches, itchessss! Nasssty Elven sox!"
        "Yes, the sox," Frodo commanded, feeling the command of the Ring at
his beck. "And the ankle bracelet. And the charms. I hear Dr Faramir's got
a fifty five Chevy."
        "Ssssss. Oh. Well, that makes it all different," Gulible said quietly,
reaching for the skirt. Maybe there would be a drive-in, or a milkshake. The
pathetic creature surveyed the dress-rack for a moment. "What about underwear?"
Gulible asked, rooting about for a pair.
        "You probably won't need any," Frodo replied.

        After a time Frodo took Gulible's hand, and he led the period-costumed
gangrel creature back through the double doors and into the observation room.
"Well, here she is," he said to Dr Faramir, proferring Gulible's slimy little
hand to him. "But no parking lots, and be sure to have her back before
midnight."
        "My dear Frodo! You did it!" Dr Faramir shouted.
        And then suddenly the lights came up, and Frodo realized the room was
filled with people. They cheered him and wrung his hand. Gulible was shoved
rudely out of the way as a thing of no consequence. Dr Faramir strode up to
him and began speaking loudly. "I knew you would pass the test," he grinned.
"I just <i>knew</i> you had it in you. And now all of Gondor™ is here to receive
your commands."
        "My - my <i>commands?</i>" Frodo gasped.
        "Yes, my Lord," Faramir fawned. "Even for the ruling classes of Gondor™,
before one can come into power one must pass the great Test of Leadership®. So
it has been for untold generations of our people. And by commanding this ugly
little creature to do your bidding - " he gestured quickly over towards Gulible,
who was sitting in a chair kicking his heels and looking put-upon - "you have
passed our Test®, and become the Ruler of our great people. Nay, even a
Yardstick! Praise Him With Great Praise!"
        And all the host cheered and threw confetti and water balloons, and
Frodo looked out at the awestruck unwashed masses and realized deep in his
heart that he really <i>was</i> meant by Divine Providence™ to lead them all;
and the feeling was powerful and strangely erotic.
        Just then the crowd parted and Sauron came forth - Sauron, the Evil
One, with three heads and only one Eye, five hands and only nine fingers, and
a three-piece suit with only one tie - Sauron came in and bowed before him.
"I hereby abjure of all my Evil Deeds," he said slowly, "and I really feel bad
about everything. I am your love-slave. You can keep the Ring if you want. I
don't need it any more."
        "Uh, thanks," Frodo said, then answered more expansively. "Fill out an
employment application and take a number. Have some <i>hors d'ouevres</i>; they're
on the little table back there."
        Sauron slunk away, and Gandalf stepped in to fill the void. "Frodo,
my lad!" he grinned. "About time you made it here. I sent a Candygram off to
the Lords of the West. They should be here in an hour or so to bow before
you, if the lights aren't against them. Excellent job, Frodo m'lad! Excellent
job."
        "You can go back to cleaning latrines now," Frodo said dismissively.
        "Right, I was just getting back to that," Gandalf replied. He hastened
out of the way just as Dr Faramir hustled back in, along with Boromir™ and a
giant rat. Frodo began to panic just as Boromir™ spoke.
        "Nay! Nay, mighty Frodo, do not be alarmed; for I am here as your
vassal, and acknowledge that you have always had the right to slay me or treat
me as you will. I seek not revenge. For that is not my purpose here, nor of
anything but to this purpose: You are now to be Mighty Lord of Gondor™,
and now we shall have your Coronation!"
        Frodo felt an almost orgasmic buildup of happiness and power. With
Faramir kneeling on one side of his chair and Boromir™ upon the other, he
imagined his life as it was to be henceforward: kingly, and royal, and holding
all of the Western lands beneath his mighty fist. And with these two mighty
virile men at either hand, eager to obey his every whim! Behind him the giant
six-foot smiling Rat lifted up the Mouse-ears, the symbols of Kingly Might in
Gondor™, and slowly, gently placed them upon Frodo's kingly and noble head.
        Frodo smiled beneficently upon the crowds, then glanced for a brief
moment at his twin vassals before looking up for the champagne - then did a
double-take as he saw the braziers full of red-hot coals. "Uh, what the hell are
these for?" he snapped, partly irritated and partly scared.
        "The rivets," Boromir™ replied. "To hold the Crown on your magnificent
head. Forever."
        Frodo opened his mouth to object, but just then there was a searing
burning sensation from his right temple! The first rivet was in! He began to
cry out when the Rat hit the rivet with a hammer, a ball-peen hammer which
reverberated in Frodo's skull! Before he could object the second and third
rivets were placed, and though he tried to scream the Rat smilingly went on
with its work, pounding, pounding, <i>pounding</i>, the mouse-ears welded to
Frodo's head, with no chance of escape...


Much to his surprise, Frodo found himself sitting on the cave in his
bedplace. Quickly he felt on his head and sighed with relief. The mouse-ears
were gone. Thank Eru, it was all a dream. He looked around and noticed Sam
and Spiegel sleeping peacefully nearby. <i>Either that or the whole thing
needed some serious rewriting</i>, he decided and returned to the realms of
Irmo. Soon, however, the hobbits were woken up, and led to a table where food
was set for three. Faramir broke his fast with them, and there was some
confusion of who was to be left without a seat until Frodo got the message
that his presence was not desired and returned to his bed.
  When they had finished, they stood up. "A word of warning for you two,"
said Dr Faramir. "Beware Frodo son of Bilbo. He has done murder-death-kill
before, or at least tried to; and his uncontrollable urges may lead you into
the world of trouble yet."
  "Yet we must go with him, at least for a while," replied Sam. "Because of
the agreement we have made. He's still the boss, or so he must think, until
the time is right. And he wants to go to Mordor."
  "Then you must go right now," said Dr Faramir. "The land is empty of
drug-dealers, and the 'Voice' is hiding somewhere, licking his wounds. But
my scouts who have crept within sight of Morannon bring strange news. All
is quiet in the nameless land. The choir-practices have ceased, and the
class-trips have been cancelled. A waiting silence broods there, and I know
not what this portends. Perhaps Sauron is planning nothing more but another
walking-concert, and yet I fear that the time of some great conclusion draws
near. For it is only Gondor™ which stands between him and the great
Renaissance of Middle-Earth, and if she falls, then light entertainment may
completely disappear from the western lands."
  Before seeing them off, Dr Faramir gave the hobbits some provisions. "The
Mordorians have weird tastes in cuisine," he said, "and I am strongly
opposed to experimentation in an uncontrolled setting. In addition, I would
give you these gifts."
  To Sam he gave a small laboratory kit and a lab-book, that he might
continue experimenting on Frodo during their journey.  To Spiegel he gave a
bottle of medicine to help her controlling her channelling problem, and to
Frodo a copy of Playtark, that he might behold the beautiful blondes
therein, and be cured.  (Actually, Frodo was already beginning to change
sexual identities again. The good news is that he had the hots for females
again. The bad news is that these females were mostly fishes.)
  "I can nay offer you any more help," he said to Frodo. "Unless you are
willing to come with me to Minas Tirith™, where we have the best
lab-equipment money can buy. Then I could also examine your foot-fungus, and
perhaps develop a powerful biological weapon to use against the Enemy out of
it. Won't you come?"
  Frodo felt tempted to surrender himself completely to the skilful hands of
this grave young doctor, whose words seemed so wise and fair. But he was
held back, by his dreams of the great catfishes, which he had heard living
in the muddy banks of the lake Nurnenshire - <i>wogah, wogah!</i> He lifted his
head and noticed how the others were looking at him strangely, and realised
that he had spoken his inner monologue out loud.
  There was no need for more words. Frodo was again blindfolded and Dr
Faramir took them to the edge of the forest. He bid farewell to Sam and
Spiegel, after the manner of his people, and then disappeared into the woods
with winged speed, leaving the two hobbits spitting and wiping their mouths.
Frodo removed his blindfold with haste, and stood blinking his eyes in the
morning sun, gazing around and looking a bit silly.
  "Is it secret? Is it safe?" he screamed out.
  "What on Arda are you talking about?" asked Sam. "The Ring sure as Udun
isn't a secret, 'cause you spilled your guts about it the first chance you
got!"
  "No I didn't!" said Frodo.
  "You <i>so</i> did too!" said Sam. "Lucky thing you didn't get a chance to
reveal that you also have Isildur's Shame in your possessions. Now let's
move on!"

  Then there was lots of marching...
  Presently they came to a crowded intersection, which had been closed off
from traffic.  An enormous sign said "Google Junction"; for they were come
to a strip that Google (also called The Evil One) had seized from Sauron in
exchange for paying off his debts.  He had proceeded to develop it in record
time, until it resembled Rockville Pike, without the local colour.  Most of
the inhabitants were tourists who gave a new meaning to the phrase "Ugly
Gondorian™". A small, decrepit figure was making a vain attempt to
proposition all the females. On noticing the hobbits, he gave a start of
recognition.
  "Spiegel, my preciousssss!" he hissed. "Are you still with the nasty mean
hobbits?"
  "Yes, though my heart yearns to once again see the familiar pillars on the
doors of Tara, where my roots are. After all, tomorrow is another day!"
replied Spiegel and quickly took a zip from the medicine-bottle given by Dr
Faramir.
  "Have no fear! Don Giovanni'll protect you, yes he will," promised Gulible
(for he it was).
  "And where have you been all this time?" interrupted Sam. "Plotting some
nasty and unnecessary sub-plots, no doubt!" Sam took a quick look at Frodo
to see what he thought about the obviously guilty face Gulible was making,
but Frodo seemed to be deep in thoughts.
  Now that they had reached the crossroads, Frodo felt that he had came to
the point of no return. Once again he felt a strong urge to drop everything
and head straight to Gondor™. He thought about long hours alone with Dr
Faramir, being examined by his strong, yet tender hands, and felt his
excitement arousing. Then he thought of the slimy fishes of lake Nurnenshire
and felt even more aroused. "You're tearing me apart!" he cried in his
despair.
  "I need a drink!" said Sam.

  The hobbits went into a bar and ordered some expensive lutefizz (a local
beverage -- don't ask) and proceeded to get roaring drunk. Sam had rarely
made such an impassioned revolutionary speech in his life. Unfortunately, no
one could remember any of it thereafter. The next thing they knew, they were
handcuffed and were being held by Google's private security guards.
  "We're gonna take you to Gondor™ to stand trial," said one. "But first
ya gotta come with us to the concert, cuz that's where we're going so you
are too."
  "Its a fair cop," said Sam.
  They crossed the street and found themselves in a kind of outdoor concert
hall thingy. However annoyed at being stuck with these scuzzy security
guards, they could at least take consolation at being in the FIRST ROW.
<i>First row</i>, imagine that! But when the musicians came out, Sam and Frodo
were shocked to their <i>cohones</i>.
  "Holy Plutocracy, its the Nazdaq!" whispered Frodo, lifting his cuffed
hands to cover his face. "This is the end of the road, the end of the road!"
The crowd roared its enthusiasm as the nine caballeros sang an eldritch
chant:

        <i>Hey, hey, we're the Nazdaq;
        people say we nazdaq around,
        but we're too busy huntin'
        and chasiin' all the gals in Khand.

        We're just tryin' to be deadly,
        come and watch us ambuscade;
        we're the wraith generation,
        and we can't wait to get laid.</i>

  They missed the rest, because one of the security guards was munching
doritos rather loudly and sloppily, and the crumbs were getting all over
Spiegel.  At last she could stand no more and slapped the bastard in the
<i>mazoolah</i>. In the ensuing confusion the hobbits slipped away, running as
if the horror that impelled their being were indeed the west wind made
visible -- or something along those lines.

  Presently (sigh) they found themselves in a plaza, at the centre of which
there stood a statue, redolent of ye olde Gondor™. Tall was he, and he
wore a yellow shirt and a black vest, and long, pointed shoes. His head had
been knocked off and replaced by an Orkish head with wacky hair; but his
bearing was still regal. Beneath his feet was carven the name "Wupdidu",
which was crossed out and replaced with "Moe Zart". Nearby lay his head,
which was long-nosed with a black round thingy at the end; half-closed were
his eyes, long his ears, and tall his blue black-banded hat, adorned with
two lumps on top.
  Sam muttered something about oppressors; but his heart misgave him, for he
felt some strange bond with the droopy-eared king. Frodo was disdainful:
"Good riddance to bad rubbish! Those kings were overrated anyway." Spiegel
saw in the king's long snout a symbol of phallic oppression, and Gulible
kept his political opinions to himself, if he had any.
  If only had there been a suitable beam of sunlight shining on the
decapitated head Frodo could have possibly found encouragement from the
sight, but there was no such luck.


Sam looked at Frodo's dejected back. He saw that the situation called for
extreme remedies. Nimbly, he removed a little bottle from the lab kit given
him by Dr Faramir. With the ease of an experienced cook and master poisoner,
he made a ham sandwich and let some drops from the bottle fall on it.
  "Oh, Master Frodo!" he called. "Here's a little morsel to put you in a
better mood."
  Frodo stared suspiciously at the sandwich. Then, as the magic of the
sandwich worked upon him, his face changed and he wolfed it down as if he
had not seen any food for days.
  "What are you doing?" murmured Spiegel in Sam's ear. He gave a her a
crooked grin.
  "That cordial on the sandwich will give our little weakling some
well-needed energy," he said. "He'll just fly the rest of the way, and
that's a fact!"
  Spiegel opened her eyes very wide and stared at Frodo. "I believe you,"
she choked. Sam followed her gaze and cried out. Frodo seemed to be swaying
with the wind where he stood. His feet left the ground, and he began to move
in little circles, like a stray balloon. At the very moment when Sam, with a
hoarse cry, leapt to pin him to the ground, he left it for good and sailed
skywards with a hissing, very balloon-like sound. He gazed down at Sam and
Spiegel with eyes the size of beef tomatoes before a cold wind came from the
east and blew him in the wrong direction - towards the Great River.
  As Frodo scudded westwards, Sam and Spiegel sprinted after him so as not
to lose sight of him. The grotesque spectacle went on for hours: Frodo
jerking and bobbing in the wind and the other two running after him,
stumbling and cursing. Sam's language reached positively Trotskyite levels
of vituperation. The sun was already nearing the horizon when Frodo floated
into the ancient ruined city of Disgiliath, followed by his wheezing,
panting attendants. There the magical potion, satisfied with its work, let
go of him with a loud bang and he dropped to the ground, rolled over and lay
still. Sam and Spiegel ran up to him, panting, and lay down on top of him.

  Frodo never knew how long it was before he woke up from an evil dream and
found that reality was worse. Sam lay straight across his chest, making it
hard for him to breathe, and on top of that, one of his hairy feet was
pressed against Frodo's mouth. This was <i>not</i> the kind of kinky sex he
liked! (Besides, his ichtyoerotic personality change was still progressing;
even in his half-stifled condition, his loins ached with lust for big, slimy
fish to straddle.)
  "Sam, you addle-pated fool, get off me!" he cried.
  "Oho, THAT's a new tune from you!" growled Sam, but obliged. He and
Spiegel got to their feet and studied the surroundings.
  They were in the centre of the old commercial district of Disgiliath. Shop
windows and malls were all around them. In the centre of the square where
Frodo had fallen down, there was a statue of a strange being with huge round
ears, an insane grin, fourfingered hands in white gloves and red shorts with
big yellow buttons. But the vulgarity of the men from Westernesse had been
augmented by the vulgarity of the Men from the East. Everywhere around them
there was evidence of their dread presence: the stench of filthy tennis
shoes from an uncovered pit, the inscription MARMADÚKH IS A WANKER scrawled
on a wall, an old school tie twisted like a rope around the throat of the
statue with the big round ears and a whole row of punting-boats tied to the
jetty on the nearby River.
  Frodo sat up. Staggering, he got to his feet. He took a few steps, picked
up a loose paving stone and sent it crashing through the window of a shop
nearby.
  "Master Frodo, art thee mazed?" cried Sam, shocked out of his class-
conscious diction straight back to the forelock-tugging language of his
ancestors.
  "No, you idiot," grunted Frodo and reeled into the shop. Sam looked closer
at it and realized that it was a drink shop. They heard a clinking sound
from inside, and then Frodo returned, carrying eight bottles of Westfarthing
Chinook.
  "They are still well-stocked after all these years," he puffed as he sank
to the ground. With a greedy gleam in his eyes, he stowed seven of the
bottles into his knapsack before opening the last and taking a deep swig.
  "Is this really the right moment to get drunk?" inquired Spiegel icily.
  "Yes," replied Frodo simply. Since there was not really much one could say
to that Sam and Spiegel fell silent, watching how Frodo knocked them back
until the booze made him talkative.
  "Do you see that other shop?" he asked, nodding to indicate the object of
his conversation. They looked at a little shop with a bow window and a sign
above which announced, in faded gold letters: "Aruman's Tattoo Parlour".
  "Aruman was not always evil," hiccoughed Frodo. "My fa... Bilbo told me
that he began his career as an honest shopkeeper. He did piercing as well as
tattooing, and the cowboys from the Pelennor Fields used to go there to get
their hats surgically removed."
  "Interesting," remarked Spiegel. "I have thought of getting my nose
pierced, but I'm so fat it would simply make me look even more like a cow."
  "It's bulls that have rings in their noses, you twit," sneered Frodo
haughtily. Sam bristled.
  "Who are you to speak to her like that, Stinky?" he demanded. Frodo gaped
stupidly at him and emitted a loud burp. Menacingly, Sam took a step
forward. However, at that very moment there was the sound of someone
strumming a guitar behind them, and then a well-known voice burst into
dreaded song:

          <i>I'm an Elven bard and I'm OK,
          I sing all night and I sleep all day.</i>

They all looked at Maglor's detested figure. Frodo, who seemed to sober up
considerably at the sight, muttered in the high-elven speech: "A galaxy went
out on the hour of our meeting."
  Undeterred, Maglor threw back his head and sang:

          <i>I sang of beer, of lots of beer, and lots of beer there flowed:
          Of peanuts and of pretzel bags, and boy, the goodies showed.
          We drank a toast, a second toast, the foam was on our ale,
          and some took bitter, others stout, and one or two chose pale.
          And there beyond the counter stood a barmaid plump and fair;
          The glow from our reefers shone like torches in her hair.
          Oh, Ivy Bush! Beloved pub! When will we meet again,
          When will I gaze with love again at every beery stain?
          Oh, Ivy Bush! Too long I dwelt upon this Hither Shore
          And drank inferior brands of ale and stared upon the floor.
          But even travelling steerage I could not escape my curse:
          Where are the tickets cheap enough to suit my meagre purse?</i>

There was silence. No one wanted to applaud for fear of encouraging Maglor.
With feigned absent-mindedness, Frodo stared at the River. Suddenly, he
arose with a cry.
  "Beloved! Precious!" he shouted. He started to run towards the River. With
a curse Sam tried to grab his arm and stop him, but was too late.
  In the River, a beautiful mermaid yoohooed at Frodo, stroking her hair and
merrily slapping her fishtail against the water. Frodo was filled with
erotic madness. THIS was what he always had desired! He took a flying leap
into the water and began to swim towards her with great strokes of his arms.
  "Come back, Master Frodo!" screamed Sam. In an attempt to turn him back to
his old fixations, he whined: "Oh Frodo, me dear, me dear! Come back!" but
to no avail.
  "STOP him!" howled Spiegel.
  "OK," sad Maglor. He stooped, grabbed a cobble-stone and threw it at
Frodo's head, scoring a bull's eye. With a last, despairing <i>precious</i> he sank
beneath the waves.
  The mermaid stared at them with big, frightened eyes. Sam looked at Maglor
with disgust.
  "Brilliant!" he commented. "Any other great ideas?"


Twilight began to fall like a really slow boulder.  Sam sat on
the cobblestones outside the Siege Weapons Of The Future display,
smoking his pipe and idly looking in the windows at a greasy, obsolete
prototype of the Trebuchet of Tomorrow.  Spiegel leaned against the
wall nearby, staring blankly at the red of the setting sun.  Maglor,
who had been mistuning his guitar for a horrifying quarter hour, was
trying to unbend a fret he had bent in a particulary unsuccessful
G seven chord.
       When they had run down to the riverbanks the mermaid, who upon
closer inspection turned out to be a suckerfish with two prominent
gills, had squeaked in terror and swam off to have another go at
evolution elsewhere.  No sign of Frodo could be found.  Sam did
succeed in recovering Frodo's waterlogged pack.  It still held their
provisions, their beer-money, some grotesque silicone-rubber toys
which Sam dared not identify, and a small assortment of stolen cutlery
from Dr Faramir's caves.  Yet no sign of the Ring or of the waterproof
packet which held the Deed to Nurnenshire could be found.
       No sign of the Shiny Thing of Galadriel could be found either.
"That bastard!" Maglor had shouted at the water, hitting the river
angrily with his guitar.  "That drooler!  That cat-loving thief!"
After an hour or so he calmed down somewhat and dealt with his grief
by writing a song.  To the horror of the hobbits he insisted on
singing it all afternoon over and over:

<i>       Are you going to drown under there
       Pervert thief hairfooted and short
       I don't see how I'll find the slipca-ast
       Hobbit was my final resort</i>

Late in the day Maglor finally stopped to eat, though he hummed a
medley of old Morris dance tunes during dinner which put Sam and
Spiegel right off their food.
       Now it was early evening.  Sam stretched.  "Well, guess that's
the end of the ol' Quest then," he said simply.  "If Frodo's dead and
the Ring gone, I guess there's nothing to do but go back to the Shire
and light a few rich people's mansions on fire, as me Gaffer always
said we ought to have done.  What about you, Spiegel?"
       Spiegel looked at Sam.  Her thumb was deep in her mouth and
her eyes were glazed in thought.  "Now that Baggins is dead," she
replied slowly, "my lifetime of seeking terrible revenge and living
in horrible self-loathing has reached its fruition.  So I guess I'll
go find a good therapist."
       "I think," said Maglor, though nobody had asked him, "I think
I'll wander by the shores of Lower Middle Earth for the rest of time,
singing plaintively about my loss."
       "Good idea," said Sam, who lived inland.
       "At least until a profitable music recording industry is
invented," Maglor added.
       "Perhaps you should get started, then," Sam said flatly,
gesturing down the River.  "The Sea's down that way."
       "Don't let us keep you," Spiegel added quickly.
       "Uh, okay," Maglor replied.  Then he added, "But you've both
been so nice and we've been through a lot together.  I thought maybe
before I go I could make a ballad about you.  The Ballad Of Sam And
Spiegel-"
       "No, that's okay," Sam said hastily.
       "We don't need one," Spiegel jumped.
       "No room in our packs for a ballad anyway-" Sam shouted.  But
it was too late.  Maglor began to sing:

<i>       Gamgee had come down from the Shire
       To light up Frodo's funeral pyre
       You knew his old head was
       Just full of revenge
       So he took his Master off to the East -

Christ!"</i> he finished suddenly, as Sam threw a cobblestone at his head.
       "Shut it and be off with you!"
       "You know it ain't easy," Maglor continued, trying to stay
on the beat.  "You know how hard it can be."
       "One more note and I stick my finger down my own throat,"
Spiegel added, with the horrible tone of one who has successfully
done it before.
       Maglor turned away, hoisting his guitar over his shoulder.
"The way that we're goin'," he said, "I'd better leave for the Sea." 
And with two more codas he wandered away towards the South grumbling
about how much easier it was to get gigs during the Kin-strife.

       Sam slept soundly.  He dreamed of Frodo flailing about in the
river.  In the dream Frodo kept yelling to Sam for help.  Sam, standing
on a pier five feet away holding a life-preserver, just laughed and
laughed.  The life-preserver was marked LUSITANIA, after the Elvenqueen
of old.  Frodo's pack was full of cement blocks which Sam had tossed
in at the beginning of their adventures.  Rosie appeared on the next
dock along with a cheering crowd.  She took off her dress and began
waving it at him seductively.  Sam waded past the screaming Frodo to
touch her.  She casually threw aside her flimsy garment.  In that
gesture she seemed to be throwing aside all the bourgeois capitalist
society norms.  It was all she was wearing.  Sam's blood grew hotter.
The dress made a raspy <i>zzzrrrmpphhh</i> noise as it fell to the quayside,
and a distracting <i>plonk, plonk</i> as it landed...
       Suddenly Sam awoke.  It was night in Disgiliath.  There was
another <i>zzzrrrmpphhh</i> noise, and Sam realized with annoyance that it
was Spiegel snoring.  She lay just down the road with her head
tipped back over a dislodged cobblestone.  <i>zzzrrrmpphhh</i> she went
again.  Sam grumbled and rolled over, hoping to get back to his
dream, when from afar he heard another distant <i>plonk.</i>
       Sam lay quiet and listened.
       <i>zzzrrrmpphhh zzzrrrmpphhh zzzrrrmpphhh.
       plonk.</i>
       Sam closed his ears.  Rosie!  Sweet Rosie!  Let me get back to
my erotically-charged passionate horny dreams about Rosie.
       <i>zzzrrrmpphhh zzzrrrmpphhh.</i>  A long silence.  The snores had
stopped.  Spiegel had rolled a different way and now lay on the
cobbles with her hands in her lap and her legs spread, moaning quietly
in some desperately erotic dream of her own.
       <i>plonk.</i>
       Sam looked in the direction of the sound.  It came from
somewhere near the Leonard of Quirm exhibit.  Or maybe further east
around the Future Of Agriculture: Screw Archimedes! pavilion.  Or
maybe...
       There was a <i>flap.</i>  Sam's eyes looked up.  Some blocks away
the Sky Scraping Building loomed over their heads.
       In the days of Insultir, grandson of Isildur and Andrea Doria
the Sea-queen, was Disgiliath the City of Tomorrow founded.  And many
wonders were produced by the Atlanteans in those their glory days
though most of their achievements failed just as the warranties were
running out.  And chief among their wonders were the great spires
which reached towards the stars: Orthanc the Eyesore of Isengard they
built, and Emyn Bereave of the North famed in legend before it fell
over, and the Barad-dur which was built as a birthday-present before
being corrupted to evil.  Yet these were as assays in the craft
before the building of Tol Ist, the Needle of Heaven, which legend
says scraped the very sky itself and rent holes in the ozone.
Legend has it the stars had to detour around the top.  High over
Disgiliath it loomed.  Even as it was being built Insultir said that
all buildings would be like it in the future: tall and imposing and
devoid of personality.
       Yet Insultir's dream was to fail him.  With the lack of
elevators and adequate ventilation most people died before they
reached the top, and those who did survive the climb died because
there was no indoor plumbing to provide water.  Even when one brave
team of adventurers made it to the top in later years, bearing
flagons of water and the long-needed truss supports to complete the
roof, their attempt at using the ganderobe resulted in the deaths of
three of the party and nine civilians on the ground.  As time passed
Disgiliath was abandoned and the narrow tower stood unfinished, a
silent testament to the worthiness of building codes.
       Sam's eyes took in the Tower.  At the very top he saw a giant
wing stick out of the roof for a moment before retreating.  It could
just be seen against the night sky.
       Then far below he saw another movement, somewhere deep within
the glass of the tower.  A tiny figure could be seen on the stairway.
It tripped over some unseen obstacle which fell away below it with a
<i>plonk.</i>  Even from here there was something familiar about the figure:
a certain clumsiness, some shamed and shaking lust that drove the
little shadow onward.
       Sam moved quickly to wake the dreaming Spiegel.  He grabbed
her and shook her thigh.
       "Oh, no, no more, Sir Peter," Spiegel moaned.  "I simply
couldn't stand another sausage.."
       "Wake up, ye wee bint," Sam growled, though the cries of
Rosie were still hot in his own mind as well.  He tried not to let
his hand linger on her shaking leg.  "Wake up.  We're in trouble."
       "Oh, very well, just five more before dinner..."  Spiegel
continued, then wakefulness took her and she jumped, startled.  She
stared at Sam and turned aside quickly crossing her legs.  "I'm
fine," she snapped.  "Just dreaming.  Perfectly healthy.  Perfectly
normal."  After a moment she looked again at Sam.  "Why are you
waking me up?  It's the middle of the night."
       "Master Frodo's still alive," Sam whispered urgently.
"He's climbing the Tower.  I don't know what mischief he's up to."

       It was short work to pack their provisions and walk the
streets to the base of the Tower.  Soon they reached the giant doors
of the great edifice.  Long ago had they been smashed by Orcs and
vandals.  The lobby was filled with debris and the skeletons of
corpses, some of which had dropped from a great height.  In the
corner stood the beginning steps of a great stair, which wound up
the sides of the tower and was lost to sight.
       There were also many pieces of broken rock.  "What are these
from?" Spiegel wondered aloud.
       "I think they're stairs that fell," Sam replied.  And indeed
the chunks of broken stone were very much the same shade and shape
as the stairs, which Sam and Spiegel now noticed were often cracked
where they joined the wall.  Both looked at the stairs suspiciously.
"If I had my druthers," Sam said to himself, "I'd just stay here at
the bottom and kill Frodo as he came back down.  But I saw some sort
of giant bird at the top of the Tower and there's no telling whether
Mr Frodo might try to make a getaway on it.  That bloody bastard
Bilbo did something similar once."
       "Damn it," Spiegel answered.  "I was really hoping he'd
drowned."
       Someone had already pushed a path in the debris between the
door and the stairs.  They followed the path and found a wet piece of
card at a tight turning of the path.  Spiegel picked it up.  It was
a soaked waterlogged subscription card for Playtark.  "It's Frodo
all right," she said sullenly.
       Without speaking further they started up the stairs.
       At first the steps were grimy and covered with dust, debris
and the occasional body.  As they progressed upwards the steps
gradually became less worn, and the dust and debris lessened.
The two quietly continued upward.
       The view out the windows gradually rose over the rooves of
Disgiliath.  Sam and Spiegel were able to see further and further
into the night as they slowly gained altitude.  Curiously, as they
climbed higher the air became increasingly stifling.  "It's this
damn glass," Spiegel gasped.  "None of the windows open.  Who would
design a building this way?"
       "Some twit," Sam gasped in return.
       They continued upward.  Spiegel walked just in front of Sam,
stepping rhythmically up the long stairs.  Sam followed.  Being a
couple of stairs behind, Sam's view consisted mainly of Spiegel's
ass.  It continued bouncing just in front of him, flexing on one
side, then the other, then one side, then the other...
       Sam was already exhausted.  The stairs and the lack of air
were torching his already overheated blood.  The curvature of Spiegel
tempted him, tormented his hormone-crazed mind, yet it gave him the
strength to continue.  Yet in another way it also made it harder for
him to walk.  "Rosie," he said to Spiegel absently.  "How can you
keep going like that?"
       "Stairmaster," Spiegel replied.  "Used it for months.  It
didn't help."
       They continued.  After another half-mile had passed the air
had become stifling as a glass-walled tomb.  Sam's hormones alone
were giving him the energy and will to go on, following that ass,
those thighs...  The horny dreams of Rosie continued to play in his
mind and in his blood.  Spiegel too seemed somehow distracted as
though her own dreams still kept a hold on her.
       Then there was a sound like a gunshot!  The stone beneath
Spiegel's feet broke from the wall and gave way!  "Sam!" she screamed
and Sam threw himself at her shoving her down onto the unbroken step
nearer the wall.  He landed full on top of her.  She felt him against
her.
       "Sam," she gasped.
       "Rosie," Sam said.  Spiegel's nipples were hard through her
vest.  One of her thighs felt warm and wet against his leg.  Her eyes
were pleading.
       "I," Spiegel gasped.  "I - can't breathe..."
       Without looking Sam reached over and grabbed a piece of stone
from the broken stair.  He flailed over and smashed the nearest window.
       Broken glass rained around them.  A rush of cool air and a
dusting of rain rushed over their hot bodies.  Air!  Cool and
invigorating it whipped against them, coursed through their lungs,
over their overheated flesh.  Both felt suddenly alive, suddenly safe.
They laughed for a brief moment, then suddenly became aware of each
other again.
       "Sam," Spiegel said again.  Her eyes gazed into his.
       "I - but Rosie - Spiegel, I..."  Sam stuttered.  Her lithe,
eager body lay in his hands.  For a moment he was too overwhelmed to
think.  "I, I," he began, looking into Spiegel's questioning eyes.
He truly wanted his Rosie.  Spiegel was just a traveling companion...
yet so close, so willing.  Her arms were already reaching around him.
He found his hands reaching for her vest of their own volition.
Should he?  After all, he and Rosie weren't formally engaged.  He
looked again at Spiegel's face.  She gazed back at him with a hunger,
for him, for <i>acceptance</i>...  After a breath one of her hands reached
slowly for his belt.  Her hips rose off the stair so that he could
slide her dress up more easily.  Should he take her and the release
she offered?  Would Rosie feel it was a betrayal?  Would the author
of a good versus evil fantasy novel actually write such a morally
ambiguous action?
       "Oh, the hell with it," Sam mumbled to himself.

       "Oh Sam!" Her cries reverberated through the Tower.
"Oh <i>Saaaaaaam!"</i>

       Now Sam walked in front, Spiegel following behind, their pace
more leisurely.  They stopped every twenty floors or so to smash
another window for ventilation.  Both were calmer.  A rain began to
fall outside and Spiegel managed to refill a canteen from the water
running off a broken windowpane before they continued.
       "I still feel a little odd all the same," Sam told her.
"I've told you about Rosie.  She's still my girl.  But...  but you're
quite a woman.  And sexy.  Very sexy."
       "So are you," Spiegel smiled.  "Rosie's lucky."
       There was a change coming over Spiegel.  Even Sam had noticed
it.  Before now she had always thought of herself as unsexy and
unlovable.  Yet the passion that had consumed them had also made her
view herself differently.  Before she had been certain she was
loathsome.  Now she was no longer sure what she was.
       They continued for a moment in silence.
       "Why did you come on this quest, Sam?" Spiegel asked.
       Sam spat.  "At first because I was Frodo's servant," he growled.
"And then because I thought I could blackmail him.  And then later
because I wanted to see him die in th' hands o' the Dark Lord.  But
now...  now an' I'll be honest I don't know why the hell I'm doin'
it.  An' that's a fact."
       Spiegel looked thoughtful.  "Then maybe we should just kill
him," she volunteered.
       Sam walked in silence for a moment.  When he spoke he was
angrier and his brogue was thicker.  "I'd love nothin' more than t'see
the wee pig bleed," he answered.  "It'd give me the the joyfuls,
'twould.  But... either the Deed is good, or 'tisn't.  If 'tis, then
he's trapped in Nurnenshire an' I get Bag End an' the resources I need
t'start th' war ag'inst the bourgeoisie.  If 'tisn't, then I get Mr
Frodo Baggins back t' the Shire alive an' people'll lynch him and
start the Revolt sure as spades."
       "Just like that?" Spiegel asked.
       "Aye."  Sam smiled grimly.  "Most o' the economic troubles
i' the Shire started when his nuncle Bilbo returned from foreign parts.
About ruined the economy, he did, an' made the class divisions acute
an' hard.  If Master Frodo so much as shows his face in the Shire
again after seein' foreign parts people'll roise up wi' torches and
pitchforks rather than risk seein' that trouble agin, you mark my
words.  A Baggins returnin' from foreign parts is bad news, an'
everyone knows it."
       "But is all that necessary?" Spiegel asked.  "After all, you
can just kill him here.  End of Frodo Baggins."
       "But there's others back in the Shire," Sam replied.  "Other
wealthy bastards there are, almost as bad as Mr Frodo.  I can't kill
them all on my own, now can I?  No, Spiegel, I need to start a fire
among the people, that'll kill 'em all.  An' to light that fire one
way or th' other I need Mr Frodo alive.  Damn him."
       Spiegel understood.  She said nothing.
       "But once the fire's lit I'll have th' satisfaction o' killing
him later," Sam added quietly.

       For an hour and yet another they continued.  Sam's legs were
in agony as they began to near the summit.  Even Spiegel, veteran of
many a piece of exercise equipment, was moving slowly and starting to
limp.  "Stairs," Sam began to mutter.  "I hate stairs."
       "I'll never be able to look at another stairmaster ever again,"
Spiegel gasped.
       Once again Spiegel was in front.  Sam again had a constant
view of her ass, but was now too tired from climbing to admire it.
On a few occasions they had to work around the edges of broken stairs
which had fallen long years ago.  Below they could see the terrifying
drop to the base of the Tower.  They tried not to look.
       As they stopped for a moment to catch their breath they went
silent.  Some eerie noise like a caw of terror came from above.  It
was followed by a caw of disgust.  "Come on!" Sam said quickly.
"It's Mr Frodo, I'd bet.  We've got to hurry!"
       There were only a few windings left of the great stair.
Spiegel and Sam hurried up the last coils of the stairway as best
they could.  Spiegel almost tripped and regained her footing.  As
Sam followed her he could see what had been in her path: a discarded
copy of Playtark opened to an overused centerfold and Frodo's shoes.
A feeling of dread horror and nausea came over him.  He hurried on.
       At the top of the stairs there was a black hatchway in a black
ceiling, the floor for the ancient parapet where Insultir once
purposed to grasp the stars and hang advertising from them.  The
hatchway closed for untold generations now stood open.  The deep
blue of the pre-dawn sky reached through it.  Spiegel went through
the hatchway, Sam heard her scream and then she turned back to the
opening with her hand over her mouth.  Sam heard voices as well.
A huge leathery voice yelled:
       "Get off!  Get off!"
       "Feathers," cried the voice of Frodo.  "Oh God, feathers!"
       "Leggo a me!  Leggo!"
       Sam darted the last few yards and was struck by revulsion at
what he saw.  A giant eagle, fully eighteen feet high, stood on the
great parapet trying to balance its weight on one leg.  On that leg
was Frodo, grasping the eagle with both arms and legs with erotic
rapture and desperation mixed on his sweaty face.  The eagle was
trying to pull Frodo off his leg with the claw of the other leg.
       "But feathers are erotic," Frodo whined.  "Pleease!"
       "Stop humping my leg!" screamed the giant bird.  "Stop it!
You there!  Will you get this thing off my leg!"
       Sam, knowing an order when he heard one, looked around and
found a two-by-four from a roof truss abandoned centuries ago.  He quickly
picked it up and hit Frodo with it as hard as he could.  In his erotic
desperation Frodo hardly noticed so Sam stuck the two-by-four between
Frodo and the eagle and pried him loose.
       "Oh God Sam," Frodo gasped.  "But I was so close."
       "Oh, shut up," Sam replied angrily.  "And put your pants on,
for God's sake.  Show some modesty."
       "You don't know the weight of my burden," Frodo continued.
"That single Eye taunts me day and night."
       "Ewwww," Spiegel said.
       "What you need is a cold shower.  Here," Sam replied, and he
unbelted his canteen and hit Frodo squarely in the face with it.
Frodo subsided into a fevered swoon which was an improvement.
       Sam stopped and looked around.  The place they found themselves
in was fully open to the sky, ringed by a stone wall roughly shoulder-
high and clearly unfinished.  Rusted tools and pieces of a roof that
was never built were lying off to one side.  There were low spots on
the wall where one could look down from the dizzying height if one
dared.  In the middle of the open room stood the eagle.
       Sam had heard stories about the eagles from Bilbo and Gandalf
and the Elves and had quite reasonably thought they were all a pack
of lies.  Yet here stood one of the great birds before him.  "Are
you real?" he brought himself to ask.
       "Are you?" the huge bird replied sarcastically.  "Am I real!
Your nature-boy buddy seems t'think I'm real enough.  Did you see
that!  Disgusting, I call it.  Good thing you got here when you did,
that's all I've got t'say."
       "Sorry about that," Sam answered.  "He's just some sort of
pervert."
       "I noticed," the eagle replied.  The bird walked over to the
wall and began scraping his leg against the stone.  "Eucchhh.  I need
a bath.  First people to climb up here in two thousand years and one
of 'em's gotta be an aviophile.  Say," the eagle turned to Sam.  "Are
you with him?"
       "Uh," Sam replied, "no.  Well, sort of."
       "What are you up to?" the eagle said suspiciously.
       "Oh, nothing important, really," Sam replied looking away.
"Save the world, drop the Ring into Mordor, start a revolution, kill
a few hundred people.  That's all.  Nothing much, really."
       "Oh, is that all?" the eagle replied, looking relieved.  "Well,
good luck to you then."
       The eagle turned away, evidently done with the conversation.
It continued to examine and flex its leg.  Sam looked at Spiegel and
at the swooning Frodo and thought how nice it would be to get this
whole Mordor thing over with and start the Revolution.  He turned
again to the eagle.
       "Uh, Mr Eagle, sir," Sam began.
       "What?" the bird replied impatiently, looking up only briefly.
       "Well, uh, sir, would..."  Sam's mind raced through all the
drivel he had been forced to endure in Rivendell.  "Are you one of
the great eagles of the King of the West, chief of the Velour and
Lord of All Western Lands Until The End Of The World?"
       "Yeah," replied the eagle.  "So?"
       "Well," Sam said hesitantly, "I was sort of hoping that you
could, you know, maybe see your way clear to, uh, helping us on our
quest and flying us and the Ring into Mordor and, well, that sort of
thing."
       Sam took a breath to continue but stopped short as the eagle
gazed at him.  The look in the bird's eyes made him step back.  Sam
suddenly thought he should apologise and ask the bird to forget he'd
ever asked.  But the eagle spoke first.  "<i>Quest</i>, huh," it answered,
biting off the word <i>quest</i> like a cracker.  "Want me to help on a <i>quest,</i>
is that it?"
       "Well, I-"
       "Heh!" the eagle spat in disgust.  "'Oh Mister Eagle, there's
this quest, could you just fly me somewhere?'  'Oh Mister Eagle, could
you just take care of these wolves, we're on a quest you see'?  'Oh
cute little birdie, Manwe needs a favor, could you just swoop down like
an avenging army on these Orcs, you see it's for a quest?'  Think I
haven't heard it before?  Think we haven't been pressed into service
every time someone has a little problem?  Think we eagles have nothing
better to do with our time than fly around on quests?"
       "Well, uh," Sam stuttered, "I once heard that you sometimes-"
       "You once heard some stupid fairy-tale or another about how
your great grand-uncle the beer salesman invented fire and got saved
from some mountain trolls by, let me guess, an eagle!  A giant eagle
that outflew the wind and killed the stonetrolls and got your uncle
a beer and never accepted payment and flew away never to be seen again,
wasn't that it?"  The eagle sneered in disgust.  "Oh, yeah.  You know
all about eagles.  Everyone knows all about eagles."
       "I don't," Spiegel said, genuinely innocent.  "What about
eagles?"
       The eagle looked at Spiegel, startled.  It looked into her
eyes for a long moment.  Then its expression softened.  "You really
don't, do you?" it said.  "You haven't heard all the old stories."
       "No," Spiegel said.  "I didn't get out much."
       The eagle nodded.  Then it began to sing quietly.  It is said
by the loremasters that Lustianne of old taught the birds how to sing
and that in their voices one can hear the beauty of her voice but the
eagles must not have been there for class that day because this one's
song came out mainly as a series of harsh, rusty-sounding croaks:

<i>       Far off in time     in ancient days
       When ancient powers     ruled the world
       Were eagles made.      They grew in strength
       And ate their food     from Manwe's hand.
       At least at first.      But then the King
       found work for us     and sent us off
       To watch the world     or guard some pass
       Or tidings bring.      And so we flew
       Like errand-boys     around the world
       To interfere     at Manwe's word.

       For years and years     as Ages passed
       We did the work.      The news we brought,
       The Dragons fought,     the heroes saved
       With never thanks.      And after time
       We formed resent.      The Gods all sat
       Upon their mountain     drinking beer
       While all the Eagles     did the work.
       "Oh Eagle, please     put out that fire,
       Get me a drink,     fetch me a sword!
       Be quick about it."     For all that
       Nobody ever     gave us thought,
       Sang out our tale,     wrote us a poem.
       Deus ex machina     was our fate.
       And yet we bore     indignities
       In stoic silence.      So it went
       Until Atlantis.
                           Then that fool
       Called Manwe got     this bright idea!
       "I'll scare those guys!     To them I'll send
       My eagles cloth'd     in clouds of night,
       And lightning will     fall from their crowns."
       And off we went.      That stupid fool!
       He gave no thought     to our well-being
       And sent us off     to Numenor
       With lightning-rods     and Van de Graffs
       To generate     electric charge,
       Uninsulated!   Scare the Men?
       We scared ourselves     and scarred ourselves
       Much worse than they.      And many died,
       like Thorondor     our mighty King
       Who took a hit,     was shocked, and burned
       And fell to ruin.      We left for good,
       And Manwe had     to sink them all
       Without our help.
                             And now we live
       in Middle-earth     on mountain-tops
       and hidden caves.      We answer not
       When Manwe calls.      We fly for fun
       And laugh at men     and steal their sheep.
       In legends we don't     interfere.
       We might fly out     and help someone
       Just for a laugh     or for a bribe
       Of mutton dear,     if such we seek.
       But "Ooo, a Quest!"     won't get you more
       than laughing scorn     or falling rocks.</i>

What do you think?" the eagle concluded.
       "It's a bit long," Sam muttered.
       "Anyway, after that bit of Second Age stupidity we eagles
have kept mostly to ourselves.  It's nothing personal, but we've
gotta look out for ourselves, y'know.  It's kind of funny but-" the
eagle leaned a little closer to Spiegel and spoke conspiratorially,
"after we'd left, Manwe had t'do his own housekeeping as far as the
world's concerned, y'see?  He couldn't lean on us anymore, so now he
starts this new policy of 'Oh, don't want to go directly inter-
ferin' in the world any longer,' 'cause he don't want t'do it himself,
y'see? Personally, I think he's just a lazy bastard."
       "Oh," Sam said.  There wasn't much to say.
       "Well, thanks anyway," Spiegel said.  "I liked your story.
I'm sorry we intruded on your time."
       "Yeah, thanks a lot, sorry to disturb you, we'll just take our
pervert back downstairs now," Sam added.  Then he stopped.  He had
forgotten about the stairs.
       "Uh, Mr Eagle," he started again nervously.  "Do you think
you could just maybe fly us back to Minas Tirith™?  Or, well, just to
the base of the Tower?  I'll give you a sandwich.  It's got corned
beef, see, look."
       The eagle ignored him.
       "Oh, the stairs," Spiegel frowned.  "I'd forgotten about the
stairs."
       The great bird looked up.  "You don't wanna take the stairs,
miss?" he asked her.  "Can I give you a ride to the ground?"
       "Oh, would you?" Spiegel smiled.
       "Happy to," the eagle replied.  "You're a good listener, and
you seem friendly.  And you didn't ask me to go on any <i>quests</i>," he
added, spitting out the word.  "Come on.  We can talk some more on the
way down."
       It seized her in a giant talon and stretched its mighty wings.
"Heh!  You don't weigh anything at all," it said.  Spiegel smiled
brightly and hugged the bird's ankle affectionately. They flew
gracefully over the wall.
       "When will you be back for us?" Sam called out.
       "Heh!" the eagle snorted.  "You two can walk."

       It was dusk of the next day before Frodo and Sam finally made
it back down the stairs.  "Ye'll never see me using a staircase again
for the rest o' my life," Sam grumbled.  "Not ever ever ever."
       "I don't know what's coming over me, Sam," Frodo said.  "I
think the Ring is affecting me.  All my thoughts are becoming twisted.
I fear I'm only going to get more perverse as we near Mordor."
       "Tough break for ye," Sam muttered.
       Frodo nodded.  "Last night as I was climbing the Tower I even
hallucinated.  I thought I heard you making love to that scarecrow.
Hah!  If you could even imagine that."
       Sam's eyes blazed red fury, but he said nothing.
       They came out the great doors and found Spiegel waiting for
them in the street.  "That eagle was so nice," she smiled.  "And
look!  He left us some mutton!  And he gave me a card with the name
of a good therapist on it."
       Frodo almost replied, but a sudden elbow from Sam cut him
off.  "Oh, sorry, Master," he said with only a little biting irony.

       Later on they found the bridges to Minas Tirith™ were all out,
and so they unwillingly went back to the cross-roads from whence they
came.  Late on the third night they made it back to the crossing,
where they found Gullible sitting on a rock idly drumming his fingers.
       "'Sss about time you made it back, <i>saddam,</i>" he hissed.


Accompained by a soft stream of <i>saddam</i>s, Gulible viewed the
company in disgust. Sam was wearing a happy yet resolute face which
practically screamed, "I'm a continually failing, eternally doubting
revolutionary, but at least I know how to handle the ladies"; and he
kept throwing quick glances at Spiegel, who ignored them with a
mysterious inward smile. Frodo kept tugging at his clothes for no
obvious reason, except perhaps for a crawling slug he had noticed on
the roadside. Gulible sighed.
     "We can't stay here, precious, no, <i>saddam</i>," he said, and noticing
how little effect his voice had on them, raised it from a wheeze to a
rasp. "Would any of you like to see the pleasures this place has to
offer?" he asked with a sly grin.
     For lack of better suggestions they followed him, through lush
green parks and stately piazzas, until they reached the pulsating
entertainment district of Disgiliath, known for some unknown reason as
Cirith Ungallant. All of a sudden they found themselves surrounded by
it all: flashing lights, flashing dresses, leering orcs singing
operettas in falsetto. "It's a fallen place, and that's a fact," said
Sam, regarding a dancing southron of the female variety with all the
disapproval he could muster.
     "Yeah, and it's horribly sexist," said Spiegel, who was busy
condemning a display of imaginatively shaped dildos.
     At the call of Gulible they ran to a store of leatherwares where
Frodo sat in the innermost corner, refusing to come out. "They're mine,
precious! We wants them!" he screamed whenever someone tried to take
away the studded collar and leash he was clutching. The proprietor's
assurances that the items were meant for dogs only did not help one
little bit, but at last Sam managed to lure him out with a promise of
a chic poodle trim at the next dog hairdresser they spotted.
"Hopefully he'll think he's a tortoise by then," Sam muttered to
Spiegel, "that idiot, inbred aristocrat." His confidante failed to
answer, however, too occupied in admiring a shiny leather corset.
     Finally they were out in the street again, Spiegel several parcels
heavier. "They're the new me," she explained to Sam when he questioned
her latest investments. "You don't own me, you know." They continued
their ideological discussion as Gulible led them past a gloomy joint
called "The Mouldy Vampire" decorated with an enormous replica of a
bat. As Frodo stopped and stared longingly at the giant creature of
the night, the doors swung open and a dark crowd emerged. They wore
all sorts of black clothes: coal-black velvet, soot-black silk,
gleaming black PVC. But all their faces were pale, and their angsty
expressions filled the company with fear.
     "It is too late! All is lost! I am so hungry," Frodo suddenly
wailed, as someone pushed him out of eye contact with his favourite
flying rodent. (Of course bats aren't rodents, really. But this
particular one - long-eared, long-toothed and carrying a magnificent
carrot - could certainly pass for one.)
     "Be quiet, Frodo," said everyone; and then Gulible explained:
"They're just a band of wandering visit-goths, on their way to destroy
some empire or other. They're none of our business, <i>saddam."</i>
     Frodo looked at their guide with newfound respect. "By jove,
Gulible!" he exclaimed. "For one with such freakish speech impediments,
you sure know a lot!"
     "Yes, <i>saddam,</i>" muttered Gulible softly and turned away.

     They did their best to mingle with the Disgillians - in order to
better understand their culture, they all agreed. "The bush... the
barsh will not be burned against the wall, come the revolution," said
Sam loudly, after they had had a thorough introduction to the drinking
customs of the area. Spiegel nodded and smiled while Gulible desperately
tried to edge his barstool closer to hers.
     As it finally tipped over, she gasped and pointed. "Oh my Eru...
<i>Look!</i>"
     Sam looked up, suddenly sober, and saw Frodo up at the bar, doing
an extravagant performance of the Bree-dance.
     "Quick, take Gulible!" he barked, knowing they had to stop his
master at once. Spiegel understood immediately, and together they swung
their guide through the air so that he collided with Frodo with a
satisfying <i>thud</i>.

     "I can see stars, Gulible," whispered Frodo later. He giggled
insanely. "But my head is in the ocean."
     "That's because we're in the gutter, preciousss," said Gulible, and
fought a sudden urge to kick the drunken hobbit. Getting the group to
the goal seemed more and more difficult. "Sam? Spiegel? Where are
youssss?" he cried, fearing the worst.
     "We're coming... soon, Gulible," answered Sam in a muffled voice,
and some minutes afterwards they emerged from a back alley, Spiegel
rearranging her parcels with elaborate care.
     "Look, Frodo," she said at last, handing him a small paper bag.
"I bought you one after all." Frodo dried his tears and opened the
present.
     "It's beautiful!" he exclaimed, suddenly happy again. "May I put
it on now?"
     "If you wish, Master," said Sam solemnly. "And I'll take the leash,
if you allow, Sir."
     And so they were on their way again, Gulible in the lead, Frodo in
the leash, and Sam and Spiegel in an inexplicable fit of giggles. The
scenes were becoming even more spectacular, there were lights, colours
and cheerful people (or something similar) everywhere. Frodo stopped 
and said: "What is this place, Gul...omph!"
     As they walked on, Gulible answered: "We're now in the heart of
Cirith Ungallant. This is the original entertainment district, of which
all other glitzy places are mere copies. They say a new position is
discovered every day here." He glanced at Sam and Spiegel. "With
certain restraints, of course. <i>Saddam.</i>"
     Loud music and cheers erupted from a palace-like building at the
end of the street. Gulible quickened his pace as he walked towards it,
Spiegel ran after as she remembered she really had to do a thing not
always mentioned by authors, and Sam marched briskly after them,
dragging Frodo behind him. Gulible greeted the bouncer as an old
friend and Spiegel scurried past him looking for the closest loo. The
guide turned around with a great smile as he said to the bouncer: "And
thiss is the Ringbearer."
     Sam had just reached the door and was panting heavily. "I'm
afraid," he gasped, "I'm afraid I just strangled the Ringbearer."


It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents
except at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a
violent gust of wind which swept up the streets (for it is
in Mordor that our scene lies, or close enough as no
matter), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely
agitating the scanty flame of the lamps that struggled
against the darkness.  Sam thought he heard the sound track
to some horror flick or other, but couldn't be sure.
     He was standing around awkwardly holding the apparently
defunct Frodo's leash, in the magnificent piazza that formed
the centre of Cirith Ungallant.  Gulible looked at him with
irritation; the bouncer, an immaculately clad Orc, with mild
amusement.  Fearful and yet insidiously attractive was the
vista that opened itself before his eyes, like that of a B-
rated horror film combined with that of a science-fiction
dictatorship combined with that of a second-rate
pornographic film. The setting was very noir, with much
chiaroscuro, like the old Batman comics in the youth of the
Shire.  Out of the corner of his eye, he thought he saw a
vehicle on which was written the words "Mystery Machine."
The female pulchritude on display assaulted his senses like
unto the onslaught of Mordred's forces upon the Vale of
Gondolas.
     An eeresome Nightclub, bedight with Halloweenery and
enshrouded in bright tang-coloured orange, lowered before
their awe-stricken gaze. They beheld on its steps many a
jack-o-lantern, within which flickered a deadly sheen, a
corpse-light, a light that illuminated nothing (or so Frodo
always said; but Sam and Spiegel thought it was marvellous -
"just like Times Square," the latter said, cryptically).
Resplendent with neon lights was the Nightclub, and bedight
with a thousand posters such as simply would not have been
allowed in the Shire.  A spider-motif dominated the
building, with iron gates and fences, as well as windows,
filigreed in the manner of spider webs. They were come to
the most fashionable district west of Barad-dûr, and the
bat-motif of the older-buildings was nowhere to be found. 
The Halloween kitsch filled Sam with a sense of dread.
"I do believe in spooks," he muttered in a Brooklynese
accent.  Most terrifying of all was the entrance, with its
incandescent jack-o-lanterns and plastic ghosts and
skeletons; an enormous rubber spider hung from one of the
towers.  On a large neon sign they beheld the words
"Hselob's Niggitculb," written in teuncwar.
     But at the moment, Sam had a more immediate concern. It
appeared that he had tied Frodo's collar a little too tight,
motivated perhaps by some unconscious desire to get rid of
the ugly and sexually challenged reactionary decadent
exploitative despicable bastard; but he was not yet dead.
     "With slow, stupid hobbit's lab kit, we might be able
to do something, my preciousss," muttered Gulible. "Fork
it over, <i>saddam!</i>"
     Reluctantly Sam obeyed, and Gulible got to work with
practiced expertise: he examined the contents of Sam's
laboratory kit, grunted with satisfaction, and then mixed
the contents of various test-tubes together with the air of
one who knows exactly what he is doing.
     "Don Giovanni hass produced a chemical compound that
will revive nasty rich hobbit," he said at length. "It
will also causse a <i>very</i> ssslight reduction in the
patient'ss erotic madness, precious.  It may have some
side-effects, owing to the predominance of two-amino-two-deoxy-[..."
     "Just gie it to the scoundrel!" said Sam.
     Gulible carefully poured the contents of one of his
test-tubes down Frodo's left nostril. After a bit of
wheezing and coughing, Frodo sat up and blinked his eyes in
confusion.
      "Where am I?" he asked.  "I feel... different.  I no
longer need to have sex all the time; only three fourths of
it. And I am no longer sexually attracted to everything I
see, only most things."
     "Pretty impressive, Giovannino!" said the bouncer.
     "Aw, shucksses; biochemistry is just one of our
hobbies, <i>saddam</i>," replied Gulible.
     The bouncer was about to reply when Spiegel came back
from the restroom, bubbling with delight.
     "What a wonderful country this is!" she cried. "I
entered the women's room, fully expecting to find some
disgusting hole in the ground, as in the Shire.  Instead, I
beheld an object of great beauty: a large white porcelain
bowl, full of limpid water, and behind it a rectangular
white tank adorned with a mysterious metal handle.  How
clean and lovely it is!  I nabbed a towel on the way out -
may I keep it?"
     "It's all yours, ma'am," said the bouncer politely.
This was the First Towel.
     "Yet another modern improvement of whilk the oppressors
hae depreeved us," observed Sam.
       "Um, who's that guy?" asked Spiegel, referring to the
ubiquitous portraits of a guy who looked like a head with an
enormous eye in the middle, but no torso to speak of.
     "Yon must be Sauron," said Sam.  "Dinna ye see the
posters, urging all tae 'Adore Sauron, Our Beloved Leader,'
or pointing out that 'Sauron Loves You, Especially If You're
Female'?"
     "He's handsome!" gushed Spiegel.  "I wonder if he has a
girlfriend?"
     "He doessss, my precioussss," said Gulible. "Look!"  He
pointed at a portrait of a scantily clad eight-legged woman
with a very voluptuous bosom, underwritten "Shelob Is the
Love of Sauron's Life."
     "Well, at least thanks to Boromir™ and Sa... y...
well, that really good-looking guy who makes love like a
mûmak in heat, I know I'm not ugly," sighed Spiegel. "But
if only I could have a guy who actually loved me for myself
instead of lusting for my famous bosom just once in my life,
I could die happy. <i>Our bodies are not our selves.</i>"  Sam
said nothing, but tried to control the ravenous desire that
devoured his limbs like unto a bevy of hobbits in a mushroom-
patch. Gulible made no such effort, but slobbered openly.
Fortunately, their attention was distracted somewhat by the
lovelies on view; for the loremasters say that Shelob's
Nightclub gave a new meaning to the phrase, "nekkid
wimmin."
     "May you soon get your wish," said the bouncer to
Spiegel, with deep sincerity. The bouncer was an attired in
an elegant uniform emblazoned with the Eye of Sauron and the
Web of Shelob. He looked very sharp, if somewhat swarthy and
brachycephalic, as befits demonized Others.
     "This place is so beautiful!" said Spiegel wistfully.
"Please tell us where we are!"
      "This is Shelob's Nightclub, the Wonder of the World,
owned and operated by the wogah of Sauron the Great," he
replied. "Gorbush at your service," he added, kissing
Spiegel's hand. "Would you like to come in?"
     "Aye," said Sam.  "We would."
     "I would need to question this lady in private, first,"
said Gorbush, but his voice and the look he gave Spiegel
made it only too evident what kind of <i>questioning</i> he had
in mind.
     Spiegel smiled. "That seems only reasonable."
     "Enchanted," said Gorbush, and the twain went off, arm
in arm, to some obscure side-room or other.  As they watched
her, Sam and Gulible were seething with lust and jealousy;
Frodo, on the other hand, was distracted by the torment of
the Stone, which made him lust after fishes, and of the
Ring, which made him believe he had a chance in Angband of
seducing them. Spiegel was apparently taking her time.

     After an hour or two Spiegel came back with Gorbush on
her arm.  "Gorbush is a really sensitive guy," she said.
"He writes poetry and really knows how to make a girl go
wogah!" Sam and Gulible's eyes bored into the Orc's face
with all the benevolent subtlety of a Mentish laser ray.
      "I did not realize your situation was so bleak," said
Gorbush.  "This lovely lady" - he stroked Spiegel's long,
silky-soft hair - "is worth a hundred floor shows. You can
go in, but I'm going to have to escort you, in order to
protect the lady. We have to be careful, on account of that
evil drug cartel."
     "Dinnae mention the Ring, master!" cried Sam, before
suddenly realizing his mistake.  "Och nae!" he groaned in
despair.  "<i>If ye keep openin' your big mouth ye'll end up
betrayin' the Cause</i>, as me gaffer always used tae say, and
that's a fact.  <i>Ye're nocht but a Menshevik,</i> he mostways
used to add.  But I'll nae be captured by Sauron that
easily.  I'll sell me life dearly."  He took out his sword
and drew it.
     "What are you getting so operatic about?" inquired
Gorbush, apparently taking little interest in the Ring.
"You are our honoured guests.  Both Shelob and Sauron will
be eager to meet you. You will be spending the night in the
Nightclub's guest-quarters until Sauron the Great can find
you more worthy lodgings.  But for now, would you like to
enjoy the floor show?  There is nothing to fear."
     Sam wasn't so sure, as he heard a shrieking sound
issuing from the bowels of one of the guardrooms: it might
have been a damned spirit, it might have been an Elvish
captive, it might have been an inebriated Balrog, it might
even have been Maria Khallas, but it was probably someone
enjoying the floor show a leetle too much. His curiosity
overcame his fear. Anyway, they had no other plan at the
moment, so they followed the Orc into the Nightclub. When
Gorbush uttered the password <i>Trick or treat</i>, Frodo could
not suppress a shudder.
     Ignoring the remarks of the habitués, like "Not from
around here," and "The clientele are becoming frightfully
common," the companions entered and gazed at the bright
lights and gorgeous semi-clad beauties such as Hugh
Hefnaistos, who was what passed among the Valar for the God
of Wisdom, might have dreamed up in a delirium. One of them,
a very provocatively dressed blowfish, was ensconced inside
an aquarium tank. Orcs silently served the companions
picturesque local alcoholic beverages.
     "These are the 'Rog Grisettes," said Gorbush after the
party had stared at the beauties for several minutes? hours?
days? - for they soon lost all sense of time and distance.
"Except that one of them - Froufrou - is a blowfish. That's
a little kinky for my tastes ..."
     The Balrog Grisettes pitilessly exposed their loveliness
to Sam and Gulible's heterosexual gaze. Whether Sam too had
some cursed article of clothing - like everyone else
(possibly his socks) - or the lustful side of his
personality, which Spiegel called Kinko, was once again
gaining the upper hand over the loyal revolutionary (whom
she called Pinko), this tale does not tell.
     Frodo had eyes only for Froufrou the blowfish, or else
for his shoelaces.  The sinuous sensuality of her scales
made him go wogah.  For need drove him.
     "I want to grip her smooth, scaly body between my-"
     "I dinnae want to hear it," said Sam. "I was sick of
your sex life months ago, an' that's a facht!!!!!"
     Things got even worse for the hobbits when the
Grisettes began to sing a tune by Orc-operetta composer
Lehár:

     <i>Tra-la-la-la-la-la-lally!
     Trippel trapp and trippel trapp!
     Welcome all to Shelob's Valley,
     Trippel trapp and trippel trapp!

     We are the 'Rog Grisettës,
     have wings and castañetas:
     Lolo, Dodo, Joujou, Cloclo, Froufrou, Morgot...</i>

(But Froufrou of course sang "fins," not "wings.")

Frodo's heart caught fire; and without thinking of what he
did, whether he acted out of folly, despair, courage, or
insatiable lust, he jumped onto the stage and into the
aquarium, taking the phial in his left hand while he
caressed Froufrou the Fish with his right, before kissing
her ardently. Then he belted "Et moi!" - upon which he
promptly stared at his shoelaces again while Froufrou
laughed provocatively.  The audience roared its approval.
     But there are other powers in Muddle-earth, powers of
the night; and they are tildy and strong.  And She who dwelt
in the darkness had heard the Elves give that cry in the
depths of time, and it had not troubled her then; nor did it
now.  While Frodo spoke, he felt a great malevolence
directed towards him and a deadly gaze. The coming threat
was at last unveiled.  For Shelob, when she appeared, was
even hotter than her posters had depicted her. The glow of
the star-glass was broken by the thousands of facets of her
bosoms, but behind the glitter a deadly flame began to glow,
kindled by evil thoughts.  Monstrous and lasciviously half-
closed eyes she had, but guided by a goal and a dread
purpose, and they gloated over their prey that sat helpless
without any hope of escape; either that, or Frodo had had
far too much fermented bat's blood (or was it a side-effect
from Gulible's medicine?), for Sam and Gulible recollected
nothing more untoward than an unusual degree of female
pulchritude.
     There long had she dwelt, a sensual creature in
Maidenform® (or out of it, as the case might be) - the same
as of old dwelt in the land of the Elves that has sunk
beneath a mounting pile of debt; like unto those whom Bluto
had tried to seduce in the Mountains of Wogah in Doriath and
had come long ago over the green grass in Lustianne.  How
Shelob came to Mordor, fleeing from her creditors, no tale
tells; for few accounts remained open in the Dark Years.
But she was there still, who was there before Sauron, and
before the first stones of the Barad-dûr Museum, Opera-
House, Fortress of Dread, and Ballet Theatre were laid; she
had built her nightclub there, gouging the wallets of Elves
and Men.
     Then Sauron had shown her what wogah was really all
about, and her bosom became swollen and fat from continuous
stimulation in Sauron's revels.  For all portions of the
female anatomy were Sauron's food, and Shelob's pheronomes
were darkness.  Far and wide were scattered their offspring -
even as far as the Shire - bastards of their miserable
mates, whom they had rather left holding the baby.  But none
of Sauron's women could rival her, Shelob the Great, hottest
babe of Ungallant to wogah the tildy world.
     And as for Sauron, he knew where she lay.  And it
pleased him that she should dwell there, hungry but
undiminished in physical attributes, a more insatiable
nymphomaniac than his own fantasies could have devised.  Orc-
maidens had made nice enough concubines, but he had them in
plenty, and after all, they lacked the sexual capacity of
the Maiar.  Shelob had that and to spare.  And as a man may
throw a dainty to his cat ("his cat," he calls her, but she
owns him not), so Sauron had added various adornments and
beautification projects to Shelob's Nightclub, making it the
gaudiest such institution west of Minas Vegas.
     Shelob sauntered onto the stage, gnawing the skull of
the Hobbits dared not guess what creature, but they were
sure it tasted just like chicken.  A loud chord resounded in
the orchestra.  As Gulible gazed upon her lascivious form,
he was filled with an intense, almost uncontrollable desire
to wogah her, were it only symbolically. "Ah, could we but
pierces her with <i>something</i>...!" he thought, as he
experienced a physical reaction to her figure.  Forgotten as
the snows of yesteryear (for the moment) was his burning
passion for Spiegel - much to the latter's relief.  She sang
the following <i>csárdás</i> with such intensity that the evil
Gandalf himself, had he heard it, would have wept:

             <i>Vere dvells ze lawve zen?
                Ho can me tellink?
             Vere dvells ze lorve zen?
                Ho ken I eszkink?</i>

Then she ripped into the fast movement like a thunderstorm
over the steppes of Rhûn:

    <i>Juszt vonce to vogah, vogah, vogah, vogah,
            On ze puszta, by ze Volga,
            Juszt vonce to get it on!</i>

  The hobbits' blood was churning like a samovar kindled by
the Magic Sun, and when she repeated the song, her passion
enflamed the Nightclub to such an extent that the
thermometer went up at least twenty degrees Fahrenheit.
     When the guys had recovered, they were gazing upon
Shelob with the gaze of the damned.  "How charmink to meet
you, dahlink!" she said to Frodo.  "May I invite you and
your friends to spend the night and tomorrow to join me for
a small, private luncheon for six (not countink ze dancink
girrls, off curse)?"
     "Six?" repeated Frodo, puzzled.
     "Vell, yess! You, your sree friends, myself, and Sauron
ze Great..."
     "Ulp!" stammered Frodo.  "Sauron, er, um, what
does he want with me?"
     "Ve have much to discuss," said Shelob, with a cryptic
smile.  "Your estate, for eenstance..."
     "Oh, my estate!" said Frodo with a sigh of relief.
     "Yes, vat did you sink it vas?" said Shelob. "I hope
you not gettink your image of me from zose sensationalistic
movies starring Humphri Bogart." Frodo was nonplussed.
     "Gorbush!" Shelob whispered to that worthy. "Take zese
guests to ze Lairr! Lurtz, you take Gorbush's place!"

     Gorbush led them through the plush, if creepy,
vestibule to the elevators, and they travelled up to the
thirty-second floor.  Unknown to the hobbits was this
dwimmercaft, and they were sore adrad. The omnipresent
velvet and gilt spider motif began to get rather oppressive.
After letting Frodo into an incredibly palatial room fit for
a conquering hero or a tobacco lobbyist (with its own
aquarium), Gorbush let Sam and Spiegel into a neighbouring
room, apologizing profusely for the fact that there were not
enough rooms for them to be separated at the moment.
Gulible,  barely containing his jealous rage, went to sleep
in his usual spot, not far from the ladies' changing room.
The orc made some polite apologies to Sam and Spiegel for
having to leave them and, after gallantly handing Spiegel a
book of his poems autographed with seven or eight improvised
poems in her honour - some of them rather explicit - he
left.

     Spiegel quickly hid the book of poems in her bra.  She
was intent upon exploring their room, which was filled with
books with titles like <i>Nymphomaniacs and Their Ways:
Towards a Porno-Ethics of Existentiality</i> and <i>Are Ments a
Myth?</i>  The walls, ceiling and bedclothes were covered with
the usual spider-motif.  So was the bath-towel that Sam
sequestered for his own use (this was the Second Towel). On
the mantelpiece there were several Lladró figurines of
spiders, Balrogs, Orcs, and other Mordor species, dressed in
picturesque native garb.  Spiegel picked up the rather hefty
tome entitled <i>Blueprint for the New Order</i>, by Sauron, and
started leafing through it - murmuring things like, "So
that's what Gorbush meant when he said Sauron has solutions
for the evils that bedevil Western society" or "He is a
visionary!" or "Imagine a society based upon love!"
     "What next?" said Sam, subtly ripping off his shirt.
     "Oh, Sam," she said tenderly, "It was you who awakened
me to the fact that I am indeed sexually attractive. I owe
you so much! But can't you see that it was not meant to be?
You must be loyal to Rosie, and I must be true to Gorbush,
who alone truly <i>loves</i> me!  He massaged me for a whole hour
before <i>smygelling</i> me!"
     "Very well," said Sam with resignation. "If ye need
me, I'll be in the bathroom."  He was there for quite a
long time.
     Spiegel felt a little bad about her treatment of Sam,
but she knew that after sleeping with Gorbush she could
never again have another guy - not even Sam, however fond
she was of the latter.  For his lust was not her lust.
Little she knew of towers, rings, or Politburos, who desired
only the joy of all other living things, and for herself an
all-encompassing love, swollen till the mountains could no
longer contain it, or the darkness circumscribe it.

     Next morning Sam and Spiegel took Gulible to Frodo's
room, and naturally found the boss firmly ensconced in the
aquarium. Sam fished Frodo out. While his boss was getting
cleaned up and dressed, Sam, under some mysterious
inspiration, sang <i>"Se vuol ballare, signor Frodino"</i> in an
unknown and sinister language that filled Frodo with dread.
     When Gorbush came with breakfast, Spiegel leapt into
his arms.  After they had exchanged a few amorous
pleasantries, Gorbush turned to the others and said, "The
reason I've come is to inform you that Shelob - and later
our Beloved Leader, Sauron the Great -  will be coming
shortly to honour you with a visit.  You are indeed high in
his favour! I can't stay, I'm afraid.  But I'll be back
later when the coast is clear.  Have a nice day!"  With that
he hastily left - after Orkish-kissing Spiegel for about
twenty minutes.
     The hobbits barely had time to agree not to say
anything about the Ring ("the present," as Don Giovanni
mysteriously called it), when Shelob arrived in a black
negligée that flattered her figure yet more than had the
white gauze she had worn the night before. She chatted with
the hobbits about this and that - the weather in the Ethel
Duwap, the fashions of Minas Goofy, the latest gossip about
the Leechking's love-life - taking a great interest in their
travels.  Presently, however, she turned to Spiegel and
crooned:
     "My dahlink child, do you have any idea who you really
are?"
     "Well, all I know is that I always thought I was fat
until the late Boromir™ and... that other guy, my true
friends, showed me that I am not ugly.  It took Gorbush to
show me that I am indeed beautiful and worthy of love." She
wept tears of pure joy.
     "You are my descendant, ze rightful heir to Rivendell.
El Rond is a usurper who would never have gotten anywhere
had he not been one of the hangers-on of ze despicable
Gandalf - procured animals for heem, I believe, or somesink
eqvally disgusting...  In truth it vas Steinlob the Feminist
whose labors made Rivendell possible.  I am Steinlob's
daughter, and you are my great-great-great-great-
granddaughter by Smaug, vich ees givink you dragon-blood. My
daughter invaded ze Shire vone bright day, and ze reszt eez
heestory.  Zat vas before I met Saury and discovered ze true
meanink of vogah. Ven my hubby delivers ze lands of ze Vest
from ze yoke of zeir current imperialist-hegemonist-
neofascist runnink dogs, ve shall restore you to your
rightful place."
     Spiegel's eyes shone.  "And Gorbush will rule Rivendell
by my side!" she gushed.
     "Vatever you vant, dahlink," said Shelob,
affectionately kissing Spiegel. "And ve have summoned
Cassiopeia Took back to Mordor so zat she can return ze
Dress to you. And you'll get your identity back. It von't
have ze disgustink stains on it eizerr - ze dress, not ze
identity, ahf coarrse."
     Spiegel laughed through her tears. Then she asked, "Is
there any way I can arrange therapy sessions with Deeanna
Troll?  An eagle recommended her to me and gave me her
business card."
     "Ve vill speak of ziz later," said Shelob, glowering at
the mention of Deeanna Troll.  "But I sink eet not necessary
eef you gettink ze dress back."
     Presently there was another knock at the door, quiet,
but portentous.  As Sam opened the door, he beheld a legion
of female Orcs, fawning all over none other than the dread
Sauron in person.  Sam easily recognized him from the
portraits he had seen, but yet more from the sinister menace
of his urbanity, the elegant veneer of malignancy that
concealed a fundamental dorkiness.  Sauron waved a gloved
hand, and the Orcs vanished.
     "So many female admirers," he sighed.  "A wise
loremaster once pointed out that we males are not naturally
monogamous.  Having used the Ring, I'm sure you know what
it's like. I am pleased to meet you," he continued in a
pleasant, yet insidious, baritone, recalling the refined
accents of Sideshow Bob.  "We were so worried that those
narcoterrorists might have done something nasty to you. The
Western part of my domain isn't as safe as I would like; too
close to Gondor™. I am Sauron the Great, at your
service."
     Sam smiled grimly, before asking Sauron, "What's it
wairth tae ye?"
     "What do you mean?" inquired Sauron.
     "Dinnae be sae Foucauldian.  I ken ye wants the Ring.
Mak us an offer, or we'll do nocht, and say nocht."
     Sauron laughed a sonorous laugh.  Spiegel began to find
him almost more irresistable than Gorbush.
     "Oh, the Ring!" he smiled.  "We can talk about
that later.  Though I wouldn't use it if I were you; it was
really only meant for Maiar. And whatever you do, don't drop
it into Mt. Viagra, or Gandalf and his evil allies will take
over the world and enslave everyone and turn them into
drugged out zombies without hope."  The hobbits gasped, but
Sauron, after giving them a sad smile, continued
unperturbed. "I would also avoid using the phial in your
place, as it is the creation of the evil Fleanor (whom the
Gnomes call Feenamint) and works his will.  But at the
moment I have to give you important news.  For none of you
is the insignificant halfling that he or she appears to be -
except for you, Gulible, or Gullible, or however you're
spelling your <i>nom de guerre</i> these days.  I fear you are
but another interesting narrative irrelevancy."
     "We not interesting irrelevancy!" protested Gulible.
"We Gulible the Great, <i>the</i> Gulible, seduce girlses ten
times a day, Don Giovanni, who bedded six hundred forty women in
Bree, two hundred thirty one in Gundabad, one hundred in Rivendell,
ninety one in Trollshaws,
but, but, but in the Shire, but in the Shire, we've done
one thousand three...!"
     "Relax," said Sauron.  "We'll give you a free Mordor
Credit Card as compensation for not being anyone's
descendant.  Maybe we'll even put you in charge of the Shire
or something."
     Gulible seemed pleased by this notion, for he began to
mutter, "We shall see, my precious! With credit card we'll
pay her back!  We'll pay everyone back!"
     "Indeed!" said Sauron, smiling a mysterious, ambiguous
smile that could have meant anything from civil
acknowledgement of Gulible's somewhat deranged response to a
cynical, even sadistic amusement.  "Let us be at ease," he
continued.  "Fermented bat's blood?"  He held up a bottle of
some nasty black liquid. The hobbits all agreed with
alacrity, and Sauron poured drinks all around, starting with
Spiegel, to whom he handed a glassful in an elegant mithril
demitasse adorned with Balrog wings.  "The vintage is
excellent.  It's been aging ever since the forging of the
Ring."
     "Ye said ye had news," observed Sam.
     "I do," said Sauron, solemnly.  "Frodo, I am your
father.  You are my son and heir.  The Nurnenshire estate is
but the beginning.  <i>If</i> you are found worthy, you shall
reign over vast kingdoms." (There was a subtle hint of doubt
in the <i>if</i>.) "I owe you a few birthday presents," he smiled
through his tears, as the violins played some mushy tune or
other.  Frodo gaped in amaze, while Sam chortled
sarcastically behind his hand.
     "B-b-b-but, I thought Bilbo was my father," stammered
Frodo.
     "He was.  But I am your great-great-great-great-great-
great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-grandfather.
A couple of millennia ago, I had a fling with a winsome
hobbit-lass on the banks of the Anduin, before your people
moved out of the range of my geographical knowledge.  It was
a moment of weakness; I was on the rebound from Miniwethil,
and hadn't yet translated my wogah-WOOOgah with Shelob into
something more or less permanent.  (Ouch, Shelob makes my
hands itch.)"  He stopped for a moment and Orkish-kissed
Shelob while fondling her passionately. After about half an
hour, he resumed: "I thought of telling my hobbit-
descendants the truth, but never met anyone who seemed
worthy, until I heard of you.  I had to disown my brother
Saurtre after he got involved with those narcoterrorists in
the Morgai.  Even with you, it's a bit of a stretch, but if
you stay away from drugs, straighten up your sexual
identity, get indoctrinated out of your aristocratic
ideological presuppositions, pass the test of governing the
estate in Nurnenshire (which we're turning into a collective
farm), and develop something remotely resembling moral
fibre, who knows?  Greatness may well be thrust upon you, my
son."
     The hobbits maintained a stunned silence, but Sauron
continued his exposition.
     "Yes, one reason I wanted you here was to protect you
from a murderous plot hatched by the drug cartel (NICE, also
called That Hideous Strength) run by Gandalf, El Rond, Tom
Bombadildo (whose sex life with Goldberry may fairly be
deduced from his name), the Talking Fox, and the mysterious
Brute of Bucklebelt, whose identity I have not yet been able
to determine, and possibly Galadriel, though my groping got
me nowhere with her." Shelob gave a baleful glare.
     "O Great Leader!" cried Frodo, kneeling.  "How can I
get rid of the phial!? Is there no briar patch into which I
can toss it? And why did Galadriel ever give it to me? It
has inflicted upon me a <i>really</i> embarrassing curse."
     "We'll give it back to Maglor," said Sauron casually.
"It's his, he wants it, and frankly he deserves it.  As for
Galadriel, if she cheats on her husband, she can also cheat
on you."
     "But El Rond ..." began Frodo.
     "Yes, I know about all that, having a very effective
intelligence corps, but since he's not the rightful ruler of
Rivendell, we'll just consider his little document null and
void."
     "Father!" said Frodo, joyfully. "You are gracious to me
beyond my dessert!"
     "We wants CHOKLIT, my precious!" interrupted Gulible,
his eyes turning purple at the mention of "dessert." Silent
Orc-servants deftly carried out Don Giovanni's wish, as Sam
continued to scowl.
     "Weell, if this spineless effeminate bourgeois decadent
is the descendant of Sauron, I suppose I'm the scion of
Feenamint," Sam could not quite repress his sarcasm.
     "Not quite," said Sauron with a smile.  "However,
Lenindil - for that your true name - you <i>are</i> the heir of
<i>Isildur™</i>."
     "What about Aragon son of Arathon son of Aradud son of
Arabarf?" blurted Frodo.
     "Who, that?" said Sauron.  "Aragon the Simple! Aragon
the Fool!  But he had just enough wit for the part Gandalf
had appointed for him.  But as for his lineage, it's forged.
The truth is, he's Butterburr's bastard brother, the son of
Ted Sandyman and Goldberry."
     "And hoo, pray, do I manage tae be a descendant of
Isildur™?" inquired Sam.
     "It's easy," said Sauron.  "After the destruction of
Arthurian, Ar-vegetal, the last king, fled to the Shire,
where he sojourned for a time, and wogahed with one of the
more bearable... er, lovely hobbit-wenches.  You are his most
direct descendant.  When I come into my own, you will be
given the realms that should rightly be yours."
     "I dinnae believe ye," said Sam, bluntly.
     "Very vell," said Shelob.  "Suit yourself.  Don't rule
ze Reunited Kingdom and eradicate injustice, usink your
power to furzer ze Revolution.  Be a good serrvant and help
nice masterr."
          "Search within your feelings; you know that what I
say is true.  Besides, would it not be better to be an
instrument of peace between me and Gondor™?" urged Sauron.
"We have rather had our differences over questions like
universal healthcare, flush toilets, the relative musical
merits of 'Casta diva' and 'When you wish upon a star,' and
who should own Dumbar, Land of the Flying Mûmaks. Not to
mention the fact that Isildur™ stole Mini from me..." On
hearing the name "Mini," Shelob stuck a couple of pins into
a female voodoo doll.  Sauron laughed and tickled her bosom.
     Sam was impressed.  "Stars and glory!" he cried.
"Universal healthcare! The Elves could mak a song aboon
that, if they heird of it -" ("And if they had any decent
composers," murmured Sauron <i>sotto voce</i>.) "In the Shire,"
continued Sam, "ye'd be lucky to get a Witch-doctor!"
     "Just don't turn out like Gérard in <i>Andrea Chénier</i>,
Sam," warned Sauron, nonplussing the hobbits (and possibly
several newsgroup posters).
     "But does this mean we'll have to turn evil?" whined
Frodo.
     Sauron laughed long and merrily.  "Evil?" he repeated.
"In what does said evil consist?  In providing universal
healthcare?  In being incredibly sexy, albeit in a sinister,
Scarpia-like way? I have defended my own realm and its
people against the genocidal Elven-caciques and Dúnedan
narcoterrorists who sought to wipe out the Orcs.  Do
genocide and narcoterrorism not strike you as evil? My goal,
on the other hand, is enlightenment and civilization.
Indeed, my dream is to spread the glories of bel canto opera
to every corner of Muddle-earth."  He began to sing an
obscure Donizetti aria in a voice of such beauty, that
Spiegel - along with every female Orc in the bulding -
swooned, and Shelob began to kiss him passionately while he
massaged her lower and upper extremities.  "Rather than
being evil," he added, "I prefer to think of myself as
ambiguous, polyvalent, indeed intertextual."  He handed
Frodo the book entitled <i>Nymphomaniacs and their Ways: A
Porno-ethics of Existentiality</i>.  "Take it," he said. "It's
yours."
     "Thank you, father!" said Frodo. "Now could I but wed
Froufrou the Fish, I could die happy."
     "We'll talk about that after the war," said Sauron.
"Or at least, after we've gotten rid of the phial. You
aren't really yourself just now, I realize," he sighed.
After patting Frodo on the back, Sauron looked thoughtful
for a moment.
     "I did once send a plague of plastic white beagles with
black spots to Gondor™, bewritten <i>Get Mordor.  It
pays!</i>" he mused.  "But that was just a prank.  Surely my
plans to build an opera house in Minas Mickey prove my
benevolence."
     "Sauron, your words are truth!" said Spiegel.  "May I
keep your <i>Blueprint for a New Order</i>?" she begged.
     "Take anything you wish, my sweet," replied Sauron, the
mellifluous cadences of his baritone filling Spiegel with a
mysterious thrill - or was it dread? Or was it lust?
     Sam was silent for a while, pondering.  "Tell me, what
is Gandalf?" he asked at length.
     "The subject is not a very pleasant one," replied
Sauron. "In Valinor he got by mainly by cheating at poker,
and by various other lies and machinations.  Here in Muddle-
earth, his evil deeds continued unabated.  He was in the pay
of everyone (even me, occasionally; traitors can be useful),
got involved in some disgusting genetic experiments which he
carried out on Denethor™'s wife Clarabella (sometimes
rather rudely called 'the Cow'), and generally speaking is
the greatest danger to civilization that exists.  Until he
murdered Aruman, even I had no idea of just how evil he is."
The hobbits were filled with horror, and resolved to join
Sauron in his glorious struggle against evil.  Even Sam had
no more doubts.
     "How can Gandalf be defeated?" asked Spiegel.
     "It is difficult," said Sauron gravely.  "As long as he
has the Elf-ring, no power in Muddle-earth - not even mine -
can overpower him.  Especially if you throw that ring in
Mount Viagra..."
     "Ve can discuss zis furrzer later," said Shelob. "Ve
should be gettink back to Barad-dûr. Zis is not ze safest
place to be discussink zese matters."
     "You're right, my little Morgul-flower, whose blossoms
unfold like a song of pure ecstasy," replied Sauron, rubbing
his hands all over her body.  "Come, friends!  We have much
to do.  The Morgai situation is getting serious."
     Trusting wholly in Sauron and Shelob, the hobbits
gladly complied. As they went, Sauron sang:

     <i>Moreador, en garde!
     Moreador, Moreador!
     I'm a real wiseguy, the great Sauron
     and rule the fates of Ard'!
     And when we wogah Shelob turns me on,
     she really turns me on!</i>

The hobbits caught their first glimpse of Mordor.  Sam and
Frodo gazed upon the land with a horrible fascination, while
Spiegel looked upon it with understanding and love.  It was
a sight utterly unlike the aristocratically anarchic Shire,
with its total lack of any concern whatsoever with a public
sphere independent of the private interests of the landed
aristocracy and the rentiers that clung, leech-like, to
their shadow.  Still less did it resemble the tourist-ridden
sanitized but exploitative and other-denying commercial
banality of Gondor™.  But before they could get a clear
picture of what it did resemble, their reveries were
interrupted by a blast from the past that they could have
lived without.
     Suddenly they heard a dreadsome song, like unto an
exhalation of pure evil, that Frodo and his companions
remembered only too well:

     <i>Tom Bombadil, Tom Bombadildo!
     You're in my way, so I'll have you killed-o!</i>

Mingled with this music of iniquity, they heard Boromir™
whistling his battle-cry "Hi ho, hi ho!  Our home is
Númenor!" These deadly foes attacked the hobbits in the
company of evil narcoterrorists.  On hearing the cry "Goons!
Hired goons!" Sam lost consciousness from the force of the
onslaught, and passed out of all knowledge.


Sam awakened to find himself in bonds, gagged and tied to a tree.
Not far away was Boromir™, sharpening his sword and looking around.  Sam
struggled against the gag, making unpardonable noises.
        "Awake, sirrah?" boomed Boromir™.  "'Tis a fair game hast played me.
Wilt not try to bite me upon the shank like thy now-unconscious companion,
wiltow?"  He pointed toward a similarly trussed Frodo.
        Sam shook his head.  Boromir™ approached and removed the gag,
allowing Sam to unleash a torrent of proletarian vituperation.
        "Monarchist scum!  Untie me, or you'll live to see Gondor™ a
Socialist Republic, and yourself lined up against the Wall with your
deluded allies for your just retribution!"  He continued in that vein for
quite a while.  Boromir™ laughed, but a little nervously, and continued
to pace and look through the trees.  They were, Sam guessed, in a glade of
Ethelien, with its usual appurtenances of pond and babbling brook,
somewhere to the east of Disgiliath.  At least, that was where he thought
he had been when Sauron and Shelob had taken them Mordor-wards; the memory
was somewhat confused.
        "Enough, halfling!" Boromir™ said after some time.  "I'll not
debate thy strange and decidedly post-medieval political views with thee.
Know then, that thou hast been most foully deluded and cozened by the base
lies of Sauron."
        "Liar!" Sam flung back.  "I know for a fact that you're a
narcoterrorist and an accomplice of Gandalf the Gruesome.  And I'm
Lenindil, the Heir of Isildur!"
        "Sam, Sam!" Boromir™ laughed.  "Listen to thyself!  Wert thou
not the champion of freedom from tyranny and exploitation by the
aristocrats?  And here art thou claiming meaningless, archaic titles and
even glorying in them?  And associating me with <i>Gandalf</i>?  What next?
Know that I have no interest other than that of Gondor™ and assorted
franchises.  Think about it, Sam.  Think about it."
        Sam thought about it.  He thought of Sauron's promises of power.
He thought of the Red Flag.  He thought of Annúminas.  He recalled that
Annúminas was a draughty ruin.  He thought of the warm embraces of
Revolutionary Rosie.  "Kinko... Pinko... Pinko... Kinko..." he mumbled.
"But what about the opera?  Surely a cultured intellectual like Sauron
couldn't be up to no good..."
        Boromir™ laughed scornfully.  "Opera?  Let me ask you, my good
Sam, hast ever heard of Mario Lanza?"  Sam shook his head.  "Well, then,
let me assure thee that opera may be Neanderthally lowbrow.  And what has a
card-carrying member of the Hobbit Labour Party got to do with
intellectuals anyway?"
        Sam shook his head.  The lies of Sauron now seemed dull, false, and
unbelievable.  He could not understand how he had ever been gulled.  "Very
well," he said slowly.  "I still think yer a right stinkin' monarchist
snob.  But I'll overlook that for now. What about Master, er, Mr. Frodo?"
        "Hath babbled for hours about his 'Nurnenshire Estate', 'Moneybags
Hall' and all that, until one of my Rangers -- NOT narcoterrorists, by any
means -- swatted him on the occiput with his hilts.  He's yet more deluded
than thee.  But I'll release him, if you'll take him under your care."
        "All right.  I'll be responsible for him."
        "The third of your troop hath escaped us.  We broke the Orkish
guard that escorted you out of Disgiliath; but in the mêlée your gangrel
friend departed."
        "Er, which gangrel friend?"
        "I saw but the one.  If there was another, it is doubtless still
with the Orks."
        "What about Sauron and Shelob?  Did they get away?" Sam asked.
        "Sauron and Shelob?  Art mad, my friend?  Sauron abideth in the
Dark Tower in Mordor, hatching his evil plans.  Shelob I know not, but we
slew nought but Orks."
        "But I saw..." Sam began.  But as he tried to put words to his
memory, it became muddled and fragmented.
        "You were deceived by the phantoms of Sauron, no doubt, that emerge
from the spiral depths of Minas Epcot and wend their way up and down
Ethelien.  Nay, Sauron will not emerge from the Dark Tower until all is
lost, and the Tower of Commerce is fallen.  But we must away.  The Orks
have only been driven off.  The longer we wait, the sooner they will be
upon us.  We shall go down from the Crossroads to below Disgiliath, into a
ferry I have waiting there, and across the Anduin to Minas Tirith™,
where thou and thy Master shall be safe.  Arouse him!  For we must go."
        Boromir™ released Sam's bonds, and Sam went over to Frodo.  He had a
bad bruise on the back of his head, and was breathing heavily.  "Mr. Frodo,
Sir!" he called.  "Wake up, its your Sam, your own dear Sam, your dear,
dear beloved true-hearted faithful Sam."
        Frodo woke with a scream.  "Argh!  My Estates! My Estates!" he
cried, and then collapsed back, sobbing.  "Don't let them take my Estates
away, Sam!"  As Sam freed his legs, he jumped up and tried to run, but
Boromir™'s Rangers blocked the way.
        Sam grabbed Frodo's arm.  "We're stuck here, Mr. Frodo, and that's
a fact.  We might as well go with these gentlemen."
        Frodo struck Sam's arm away.  "No!  They want my money, they do!
My Estates!  My rightfully inherited Estates!  My precious Estates!  They
can't have them, no indeed, no precious!"  He was panting hard at this
point, and sweating; his eyes, swollen and reddened, bulged from his
sockets.
        Boromir™ growled.  "Thy 'Estates', as thou callest them," he said,
"are nought but the merest paper.  There is no 'Nurnenshire'!  'Tis but a
vast, desolate wasteland!  As thou wouldst have found, had I not freed thee
from the clutches of the Mordor-Orks.  But thou art freed now, and soon
shall be safe within the walls of Minas Tirith™.
        Frodo shivered and looked around him with the gaze of a hunted,
cornered animal.  "Lies, all lies," he panted.  "I have Sauron's word on
it.  I have the Deed!  Everything comes down to Contracts, and mine is
signed and sealed!  It's my Estate, mine I tell you!"  His voice had become
a high-pitched whine.
        Sam stepped up to him.  "Oh, Mr. Frodo," he said plaintively, "you
can always come back for your Estate later.  Now just follow these nice
men..."
        Frodo spat at him.  "You.  You're in league with them!  Just as I
always suspected.  Trying to get my money, aren't you.  Nice Sam, good Sam,
clever Sam.  Always does what he's told, eh?  And why is Mr. Sam so
devoted?  Because he wants to pick Squire's pockets, that's why!  Dog!
Thief!  Gamgee!"
        He burst upon Sam with both fists, punching and scratching, when
the heavy hand of a Ranger came down upon his shoulder and hauled him back.
Frodo's teeth sank deep into that hand, and were only released when a
mailed glove came down upon his head.
        "Seest how he is, Sam," said Boromir™.  "Here, I think thou
hadst better take this; thou shalt be the safer guardian."  He removed the
Ring from Frodo's neck and passed it to Sam.  But Sam was deep in tears.
Frodo had rejected him!  His own, dear, sweet master Frodo had decided that
money -- real or imaginary, it mattered not --  meant more to him than dear
Sam.  Dear faithful Sam.  The ground was soon damp with his sobs.
        "We'd best be onward, Lord," quoth a Ranger.  "Orks are a prowling.
And where an Ork prowls, there hoot all the owls."
        "Aye," said Boromir™.  "And it's an ill wind that blows no one
any good."
        With that the Orks came crashing through the trees, armed to the
teeth with Lugers, Mausers, and all manner of automatic weaponry.  They
aimed their fire at the tall people (whom they could see), giving Sam a
chance to hide in a fernbrake and cover the unconscious Frodo over with
some branches.  So Sam saw the whole massacre: Rangers falling or flying,
while Boromir™ fought on with his hopelessly anachronistic sword and
shield, until at last he fell with thirty bullets in the chest, and fell
back into the pond, which at once turned a gruesome red.  So passed
Boromir™, best of the house of the Stewards to fail to rule in Gondor™.

        Sam stayed hidden until the Orks had gone.  The sun set and the
moon rose.  Frodo woke, but Sam powered him to the ground and kept his hand
firmly over his mouth.  A sound came from out toward the battlefield.
        "Head bone connects to de neck bone, yess, neck bone connects to
juicy backbone, yes, backbone connects to scrumptious hip bone, yess, hip
bone connects to meaty thigh bone, yum!"
        "Gullible!" Sam called softly.  "Is that you?"
        "Sss..." came the sibilant answer.  "Is that silly hobbits?  Still
chasing after imaginary Estatess?"
        "No, we're over it," Sam replied.  "Or I am, anyway.  I don't know
about Mr. Frodo. What happened to you?"
        "We escapes, we does.  Runs away on fast feet with scampers and
pampers!"
        "Where's Spiegel?"
        "Losst, lost, <i>saddam</i>.  But what does we care?  She betrays us
with Gorbush, precious."
        Sam shrugged.  He had always been dubious about <i>two</i> people going
around saying <i>saddam</i> all the time, and although one was bad enough, he
supposed he could live.  "Well," he said, "we'd better figure out a plan
from here.  We were going to take the Ring to Mt. Viagra, I think..."
        "NO!"  The choking scream came from Frodo.  "You can't!  You'll
sell us all out to Gandalf!"
        "Ss, stupid hobbit," said Gullible.  "He is wrong to want the
Wogah-ring; steals precious bodily fluids, it does.  It should be
desstroyed!"
        "That's two against one, Frodo," Sam replied cheerfully, surprised
to find Gullible on his side in the debate.  "So, are you with us, or do we
need to hogtie you with this excellent elven rope that I managed to bring
one hundred ells of?  I thought I might need it, I did, or I'd be nowt but a
ninnyhammer, as my Gaffer used to say.  And that's a fact."
        Frodo looked at Sam and Gullible hungrily.  A pale light gleamed in
his eyes.  "To Mordor?" he whispered.  "You're going to Mordor?   I can
take you there.  I know the way."  A thin smile played upon his features.

        So the three hobbits set forth on the last leg of their journey to
Mordor.  Before them lay the great mountains of Ethel Duwap, and ahead of
them the road led to the Enemy's citadel of Minas Goofy.  Minas Ethel long
ago, the former Tower of the Moonies had once seen mass marriages beyond
count.  But long since the Enemy had occupied it, and the Leech-king's
hopelessly amateur tenor had rung throughout the long valley, filling it
with the sound of music.  On the topmost tower of Minas Goofy a
long-snouted, buck-toothed head topped with a shapeless cap still revolved,
leering into the night.  Sam and Gullible stood aghast at the sight, but
Frodo, apparently unmoved, pulled them forward.  They came to the bridge
that led into the valley toward the yawning gate of Minas Goofy; and Sam
fell reeling to his knees, as the sickly sweet scent of cotton candy that
rose from the fields about almost overwhelmed him.  "Not that way!" Frodo
hissed, and Sam shook off the horror and tottered after him.  They attained
a path that climbed up the side of the valley into the slopes of Ethel
Duwap.  But as they passed, a weariness as of a thousand exploited workers
overcame Sam and Gulible, and they felt the need to rest.
        "Not rest here!" said Frodo.  "Eyes can see us.  Must go on, and
on, money awaits us, riches and power!"
        "All right," said Sam quietly, "I'll try, Master."

        But it was too late.  All of a sudden the rocks trembled, and with
the blast of ten thousand sousaphones, floodlights illuminated the whole
valley.  And out of Minas Goofy they came: the Army of Sauron, terrible
upon the march.
        All that host was clad in scarlet and cream, and there were
drummers, trumpeters, sousaphonists and saxophonists, baton twirlers, flag
wavers, and Those who Marched in Step.  Rank upon rank they came forth, and
the Leech-king, brandishing a mighty baton, was at their head.  Frodo
smiled, recalling that day long since, when the deed to Moneybags Hall had
been handed to him.
        And Sam, beholding the red flags waving, thought that perhaps the
Revolution had come.  His hand, as if obeying historical necessity, crept
toward the Ring around his neck.  Then his own will stirred, and his hand
sought and found another thing hidden near his breast: the Little Red Book
that had been his constant companion on his adventures.  He sighed and bent
his head.
        'The storm has burst at last,' he thought.  'Now the Sauronite
fascists are going to Disgiliath, to fight the Imperialists.  Damn the
Party for voting for war credits!  A pox on both their houses.'  But deeper
down he remembered his ancient anti-fascism.
        Then he heard Gullible's voice.  "Wake up, Ssam!   They're gone."
And indeed the sound of sousaphones was fading down the road, and the
floodlights had been turned out.  Sam arose and, turning from the city of
Goofy, prepared to take the upward road.  Frodo, it seemed, had gone on
ahead, and now came back.  "Silly hobbits!" he said.  "Must go on, on and
on, seek wealth and fame and fortune!"
        So they proceeded, step by step.  A long stair lead them high up
into the alpine meadows of Ethel Duwap, where the edelweiss grew and
alphorns sounded amidst the snowy peaks.  Up and up they climbed, until at
last, in the dead of night, they could see the horns of the chalet of
Cirith Iodel.  A yellow light burned in the window of the chalet.
        "Sss!  Tricksy hobbit!" hissed Gullible.  "Frodo cheats us, he
does!  This way is guarded!"
        Frodo shrugged.  "Could be," he said.  "Maybe it's least guarded.
Who cares?"
        "A long way yet," said Sam mournfully.  "I could use a good rest
and sleep."

        They rested upon an flowered alpine carpet and built a fire and
toasted marshmallows.  The stars shone bright in the sky above them, as Sam
and Gullible sang old campfire songs that they found they both knew.  After
the third chorus of "Up in the Air, Junior Nazgûl," Sam said to Gullible,
"You know, you're not such a bad sort after all.  I'll make sure to put in
a good word for you when Mr. Frodo finally writes this story."
        "And who will read this story, eh precious?" Gullible snickered.
        "I don't know.  People will buy anything these days, as my Gaffer
used to say, bless his apophthegmatic soul.  If nothing else, Minas
Tirith™ could make it into a movie.  I'm the hero of course, and you're
the cute talking animal with big eyes, but we'll need a villain.  Now
where's Master Frodo got to?"
        They looked around.  Frodo was nowhere to be seen.  Sam sighed.  "I
should keep a closer eye on him.  But he's got strange fancies these days.
Still, we must humor him."
        "Ss, no use worrying about him, no precious," said Gullible.
"Worry about us, yes!"  Sam found Gullible's gaze slightly unnerving, but
also endearing; he assumed that Gullible had moved into Stage
#three of the
Five Stages of Sidekicking, i.e. Hero Worship.  "He's gone after his
Estates, yes, that's his whole plan: the Estates for poor Frodo."
        "You're a cynic, Gullible," Sam laughed.  "Let's hope for the best
and prepare for the worst.  For all's well that ends better!"

        When Frodo returned, he saw Sam and Gullible sleeping, Sam's head
in Gullible's lap, Gullible's eyes closed and his hand caressing Sam's
hair.  Frodo's shriek woke them both.
        "Cheat!" he cried out.  "Wicked Sam cheats on us!  Whatever
happened to Faithful Sam!  And now I see you sleeping with -- yes, I said
<i>sleeping with</i> this wretch, this Gullible!  Nice Sam!  Loving Sam!
Precious Sam!  Oooh!  I could just kill you!"
        "Sorry," Sam said a bit remorsefully.  "But I wasn't sleeping with
Gullible, just resting, and he's taken rather a shine to me, so..."
        "Don't even start," Frodo said angrily.  "I know the whole story.
So it's <i>my</i> fault, is it?  Everything's always <i>my</i> fault.  Always blame
poor Frodo.  Very nice Sam, very nice."
        "So where've you been, Frodo?"
        "Cheating on you, just like you've been cheating on me."
        "Oh well," replied Sam.  "I suppose it's not far from the truth.
Well, let's go on.  Come on, Gullible."
        "Yes, let's," Frodo said sniffily.  "You and Gullible.  Cheats.
But you can't get there without me.  No time for rest.  Come along."
        The hobbits climbed the slope, marching as straight as they could
toward the comforting-looking lights of the chalet.  An easy slope led up
before them, covered with soft green turf.  Gullible breathed in the sweet
alpine air.  "Last one there's a rotten egg!" he cried and set off.  Sam
was hot on his heels.  Only a little higher now.  The cleft, Cirith Iodel,
was before them, a dim notch in the alpine ridge, and the chalet darkling
against the sky.  A short race, a sprinter's course, and they would be
there!
        But Sam was still digesting the marshmallows (of which he had eaten
most), and Gullible's legs were too fast for him.  As he slowed, panting,
he felt a clammy hand over his mouth.  Taken off guard he toppled back into
Frodo's arms.
        "Got him!" Frodo said.  "The so-called faithful Sam!  Don't think I
haven't searched your pockets at night.  'Death to the Aristocrats'!  'Long
live the Revolution!'  We'll see about revolution when I'm esconced in
Moneybags Hall.  Did you think you had me fooled?  You're nothing but a
sanctimonious liberal-leftist petty bourgeois armchair revolutionary. But
I've got you at last, you nasty filthy cheat!"
        <i>Armchair revolutionary.</i>  Those words burned a fire in Sam's brain
that overcame his remembered love for Frodo and allowed him to fight back.
A heel came up in Frodo's groin, and an elbow in his gut.  Frodo retched
and staggered back.  Sam was on him, punching and stomping.  "Had enough,
pig?" he asked after he relented long enough for Frodo to catch his breath.
But that was a mistake.
        "Hey-yo-ee-oh!  Yo-ee-oh!"  A deafening yodel burst from Frodo's
lips.  And out of the sky, rending the air like a butter-knife, came a
Nazdaq flying upon some strange Fierce Beast.  Frodo leaped up and grasped
a claw, and the Nazdaq swooped away with him, leaving only a call that
echoed down the mountainside.  "So long, suckaz!"  Frodo's plot had
succeeded.

        Sam raised his head from the ground, weeping with anger.  Gullible
was nowhere in sight.  The love for Frodo that had filled him had turned to
hatred.  Now, at last, there was a real purpose for his lonely journey into
the land of Mordor.  Vengeance.  If once he could go, his anger would bear 
him down all the roads of the world, pursuing, until he had him at last: 
Frodo.  Then Frodo would die in a corner.  Yes, Sam mused to himself.  
This was what he had set out to do.  It might not bring about the 
Revolution, but it would be uniquely satisfying.

        Gullible came creeping back down the slope and found Sam there.
"Ssam dear," he said, "you'd better look at this."  Sam followed wearily.
They came to the top of the ridge, where the chalet stood.
        But there was only one wooden wall.  The chalet was a false front,
the inviting yellow light seen from a distance just a single candle burning
behind an empty window.  And before them the alpine meadows ended.  On the
far side of the Ethel Duwap, the delightful music-filled glades dropped
into sheer, slaty precipices.  Far below Sam could see the vast parking
lots of the Mall of Gorgoroth and Lithlad Station; their asphalt surfaces
stretched to the horizon.  In the gloom, no trace of the Dark Tower or
Mount Viagra could be seen.  Sam clenched his hands into fists and glared
into the distance.  Somewhere out there was Frodo: alive, and taken in by
the Enemy.
