"Well, this is another fine mess you've gotten us into,"
muttered Sam, shielding his eyes with his hand as he gazed eastward
over the bleak horizon.  Their wanderings in the Emyn Mail had brought
them to a steep cliff, far enough above the ground below to make
jumping out of the question.
        "But, Sammy," whimpered Frodo, beginning to sob and whine and
contort his face in a generally comical manner.  He doffed his bowler
and scratched his head, causing his curly hair to stand on end.  Sam
crossed his arms and looked askance at Frodo, rolling his eyes for the
benefit of an imaginary audience.
        But beneath his outward show of exasperation lay a tangle of
turbulent thoughts.  <i>Now you've done it, Sam Gamgee,</i> thought Sam to
himself while Frodo sobbed on.  <i>Played your hand when the game's
barely started, and how're you going to get him back to the Shire if he
don't trust you no more?</i>  Gruffly he said to Frodo, "I'm goin' off to
think.  You stay put, hear?"  Through his sniffles Frodo nodded.
        Sam walked back up into the hills, settling on a rock bearing
the carven inscription "El Rond was here"; from this seat he had a piss-
poor view of anything of interest, but could keep a close eye on Frodo
while remaining out of earshot so that Sam could indulge in the
obligatory introspective soliloquy which should have been Frodo's back
at the end of Part One.
        "Ah, Rosie," sighed Sam, unbuttoning his shirt and laying one
calloused working-class hand tenderly upon his tattooed chest.  "Ah,
Rosie, have I gone and mucked up the Revolution before it's a-begun?
It felt good, so good, to give it to him straight, but the feeling
don't last, and what's left?  He don't trust me no more, Rosie, and
that won't do, not at all.  If he don't trust me, all our plans are for
nowt, nohow."
        Sam gazed thoughtfully, surprisingly thoughtfully for a working-
class hero, over the land before him, bleak and barren save for the
occasional neon-lit oasis.  "I know, Rosie.  I know, I've known all
along, what I ought to do."  His gaze settled on Frodo's forlorn
figure, hunched at cliff's edge.  <i>He's still bawling, the git.</i>  Sam
gave a snort, then sobered again as the magnitude of his mission
reasserted itself in his inner vision.
        "Ahhh," he sighed.  "I know what I ought to do.  But I am
afraid, Rosie.  Simply afraid.  And if I do it, go through with it, do
the deed that must be done, will you think me any less a Hobbit?"  Sam
rested his plump chin in his plump palm and pondered.
        Then, unbidden, it was as if a veil parted, revealing a
Vision:  Rosie, riveting Rosie, bearing aloft the Standard of
Revolution!  Revolution!  And surrounding Rosie the masses, the
Workers, oppressed no more!  And from the crowd arose the chant:  <i>For
the Shire!  For the Shire!</i>  And suddenly Sam knew what he had to do,
and how trivial were his petty parochial concerns about his Hobbithood,
compared to the Great and Glorious Cause of Liberating the Shire.
        "For the Shire!" exclaimed Sam, leaping to his feet, and very
nearly ran right down the hill and took Frodo then and there, but
fortunately the Great Vision vanished and Sam came to his senses,
realizing that he still had a hell of a lot of explaining and bridge-
mending to do first.  So he crept down quietly, on his quiet Hobbit
feet, to return, as a good servant, to his (<i>gag - choke - barf</i>)
Master's side.
        And damned if the silly git wasn't still crying and whining.
        "I feared it was so.  I feared it was so," whimpered Frodo
between gut-wrenching sobs.
        "Here, come now, Mr. Frodo," murmured Sam in his most
soothingly subordinate tone.  "It's not so bad as all that."
        Frodo gulped and looked up, blinking in bewilderment at
Sam.  "S-Sam?" he hiccupped.  "Your-your accent--?"
        "Oh, that," laughed Sam with a good-natured and not-at-all-
threatening working-class laugh.  "D'ya like it?  Learned it at a
workshop for the Shire Thespians Local two hundred eight siz."
        "Why, Sam," said Frodo, astonished.  "I had no idea you were a
Thespian--not that there's anything wrong with that."
        "Oh, there's lots of things you don't know about me, and that's
a fact," replied Sam cheerfully.  "But we'll have plenty of time to get
to know each other a lot better on this journey--least I hope so."
        Now Frodo was utterly amazed, all tears forgotten.  "Then
you're not angry with me any more?  But what about all of that, back by
the river?"
        "Oh, you know me and boats, Mr. Frodo," Sam jovially
responded.  "My therapist told me my PTSD was under control, but looks
like I've still got me some issues to work through when I get back
home, don't it?"
        Frodo laughed.  "Well, all right, Sam.  I haven't the least
idea what this 'PTSD' is, but from what I saw of it I hope it isn't
catching.  Not something I should wish to contract."  He shuddered.
        "Well, come along, then," Sam said, giving Frodo a hearty
heterosexual clap on the shoulder.  "Let's find a way out of these
hills.  But how's this, sir?  We'll use our nimble Hobbit feet and
clever Hobbit hands to climb our way down."
        "All right, Sam," agreed Frodo.  "You first, then."
        "Oh, no, sir, I couldn't think of it.  You're the master, sir,
and I wouldn't be robbing you of your place of primacy."
        Frodo raised his eyebrows, then nodded.  "Very good, Sam.  I'll
lead the way."  Frodo lay flat upon the ground.  Just as he had lowered
himself over the edge and begun to creep cautiously along the cliff's
face, Frodo heard a terrifying shriek.  Instinctively he looked up, and
his blood ran cold:  A giant red-and-black LED banner scrolled across
the sky, proclaiming over and over:

                 <b>NAZDAQ DE-LIST SHARKEY ENTERPRISES.</b>

        "Ahhh!" cried Frodo, losing his grip; and all would have been
grim for him, indeed, had not Sam swiftly reached down with his clever
Hobbit hands and grasped Frodo, hauling him back up to safety.
        "There, there, now," soothed Sam, comforting Frodo with his
arms and body.  "All's well as ends well, as my Gaffer would say."
        "Oh, Saaaam!" wailed Frodo, sobbing bitterly into Sam's
chest.  "Better  if you had let me fall."
        "Don't be saying that, Mr. Frodo.  You don't mean that, and
that's a fact."
        "I <i>do</i> mean it, and <i>that's</i> a fact," cried Frodo.  "I am
cursed, Sam, cursed in every way.  Unlucky in life, unlucky in love--"
        "Here, now, you've had a few setbacks in the market, is all,"
Sam consoled him.  "As for love, why, we'll find a way out of here and
back to Rivendell, and that's a fact."
        But Frodo remained inconsolable; indeed, at Sam's words he grew
even more gloomy, and fell strangely silent.  Sam tipped his head to
look at Frodo with concern.  "Mr. Frodo?" he said uncertainly.  Frodo
said nothing, gazing morosely past Sam's chest at the desolate,
cheerless land in which they had been stranded.  Speaking in his most
ingratiatingly obsequious manner, which never failed to lift Frodo's
spirits, Sam repeated, "Mr. Frodo, sir, just think of all the lovely
lasses thinking fondly of you back at..."  but his voice faded as
Frodo's countenance grew all the more despondent.  Then Sam understood.
        "You faked it?"
        Glumly Frodo nodded.
        "But, but the Lady Arwen, sir," said Sam, confused.  "You
weren't faking when you saw her, and that's a fact.  I saw it with my
own eyes, I did, and that's--"
        "The Lady Arwen was dressed all in leather and armor, and
wielding mighty weaponry, Sam," Frodo miserably interrupted.  "Had she
been decorated in the traditional accoutrements of stereotypical
femininity, sitting sweetly at home sewing flags while the menfolk did
all the deeds of valor in the world, I should not have felt so much as
a twitch."
        "Oh."  Sam frowned, pondering this new twist.
        "I am doomed, Sam, doomed to wander without a place in an
oppressive and heterocentric world, and it would be better for you not
to be burdened with me."
        "Oh, Mr. Frodo, that's hard," protested Sam.  Suddenly he
gasped and drew back, staring at Frodo.  "Mr. Frodo, that's <i>hard</i>," he
repeated wonderingly.  "Why, I never did feel no noodle like that, and
that's a fact!  A pity we haven't a lass at hand.  Perhaps we might
chance upon one, yet, if we ever--"
        But sadly, ruefully, Frodo shook his head.  "Sam, dear Sam," he
said, his voice laden with an existential anguish far beyond his
years.  "Don't you understand?  I don't <i>WANT</i> a lass."
        Now Sam was thoroughly confused.  "You don't...?"  But then,
suddenly, it seemed to him that Frodo's face shone softly as if lit
from within, and all was illuminated for Sam:  <i>He loves me.  He's like
that, and sometimes it shines through, somehow.  But he loves me,
whether or no.</i>
        Then Sam realized that the illumination was coming from a
lantern hovering above his own head.  "All right, I take your meaning,"
Sam said to the lantern, and it obligingly disappeared.  <i>This is
turning out better than I dared hope,</i> thought Sam.  He looked back to
Frodo, who was now gazing disconsolately over the barren
landscape.  "Mr. Frodo, sir?"
        Frodo turned doleful eyes upon Sam.  "Yes, Sam?"
        "Are--are you wearing your Ring, sir?"
        At this Frodo suddenly laughed.  "Dear, simple Sam!  Do I
<i>look</i> like I'm wearing my Ring, you working-class ass?"
        Sam blushed, and let his gaze drop before Frodo could see the
smoldering fires of revolutionary rage glowing therein.  "Well, no,
sir, no you don't, Mr. Frodo, sir.  It's just that--"  Steeling
himself, Sam thought, <i>For the Shire!</i> and looked squarely at
Frodo.  "It's just that I suddenly find myself wanting to kiss you,
and, well, I thought maybe--"
        Frodo's mouth fell open in surprise, then spread into a broad,
delighted smile.  "Well, then," he said coyly, "kiss me, Sam."
        Sam leaned closer to Frodo, then pulled back.  "Are you sure
it's proper, sir?"
        "What?  Two men together, you mean?"
        "No, sir.  I mean, is it proper for a mere servant-boy to be so
familiar with one of his betters."
        "Oh, Sam," sighed Frodo, wrapping his arms around Sam, "you do
say the cutest things."

        And so began the greatest Romance in all the History of Middle-
earth.  The full Tale, all told, would require a dozen Volumes to
wholly tell; suffice it here to say that the world had never before
seen a Romance so Epic, so Magnificent, so Moving and Tender, so Star-
crossed and Riddled with Controversy, nor shall the world ever again
know its Like.  Long after all other Romances have been recycled into
shipping cartons, long after those who would have shelved this story
deep in the Oxford Closet have been likewise recycled, the Romance of
Frodo and Sam will live on, in time and in memory.

        Many days wandered Frodo and Sam, ostensibly in search of a way
out of the Emyn Mail, but they weren't exactly hurrying about it, to
say the least.
        "Mr. Frodo?"
        Frodo looked up from Sam's fingers, which, like his own, were
now perpetually saturated and as wrinkled as prunes.  "Frodo."
        "What's that, sir?"
        "I think, Sam, dearest, given the degree of affection which we
are now showing to one another, that you no longer need address me as
your master--unless that turns you on?"
        "No," Sam answered decisively.  "No, sir, it doesn't."
        "And drop the 'sir.'"
        "Yes, sir."
        "Sam--"
        Sam gave Frodo his most winsomely proletarian smile.  "Yes,
Frodo."
        "Hmmm."  Frodo rolled onto his back and smiled dreamily at the
clouds.  "How about, 'Yes, Frodo, my most beloved and only love of my
heart and body.'"
        Sam rolled his eyes and cast a surreptitious glance, laden with
dark and revolutionary portents, toward the oblivious and love-besotted
Frodo before reassuming the mask of cheerful and subordinate
stupidity.  "How about we shorten that to 'Frodo, love,' and waste less
time talking, if you take my meaning."
        Frodo beamed at Sam.  "I take your meaning, Sam, love--and your
everything else," he crooned.  Sam affected a tender countenance and
took Frodo yet again into his arms.  <i>Think of the Shire,</i> he told
himself, and distracted himself from the duty at hand by filling his
mind with patriotic thoughts of Rosie the Red and the awaiting
Revolution.

        "Sam, love."
        "Yes, Frodo, love?"
        Frodo drummed his fingertips lightly upon Sam's very masculine
chest.  "What's this about, then?"
        "What's--ooooooh, thaaaaat."
        "Yeeeessss.  Thaaaaaaat."
        <i>Aw, shit, think fast, think fast, Sam.</i>  "Well.  Uh.  Why,
it's--it's a Tradition, sir--love, Frodo, love--in the Gardener's
Guild."
        "The Gardener's Guild."  One eyebrow rose.
        "Why, yes.  Frodo.  Y'see, upon being received into the Guild,
it's custom for each member to get a tattoo of his most <i>fav'ritest</i>
flower upon his chest.  And, well, I, as you can see, I like, ah,
roses.  Beautiful flowers, sir--love.  Beautiful."
        To Sam's great relief Frodo accepted the explanation.  "Well,
Sam, I must say I had no idea we had so many Guilds and Locals and such
in our very own Shire.  You know how I disapprove of Organized Labor."
        "Oh, yes, that I do," answered Sam, pouring a load of subtext
into every word.  But Frodo's attention had returned to the tattoo.
        "Hmm."  With one finger Frodo slowly outlined the word "Rose"
beneath the flower.  "It shouldn't be at all difficult to change this
to read 'Frodo.'  Then," he smiled winsomely at Sam, "I'll always be
near your heart."
        Mustering a performance worthy of an Odogar (the Shire
Thespians Union's most prestigious award), Sam crooned, "You already
are, Frodo, love," and braced himself for another round of sweet
nothings.

        "Frodo, love."
        "Yes, Sam, love."
        "Don't take me wrong, now, but as delightful as these days have
been, I'm thinking we'd better get to Mordor and get the job done, so
you have a proper estate, again."
        "Oh."  Frodo considered, then nodded.  "You're right, Sam,
love.  Now that I have you, I've no further use for that silly Ring."
He raised himself from the ground, stood straight, and clasped his
hands together, rubbing them briskly.  "Well!  How shall we ever find
our way out of these hills?"  Frodo's eyes darted about this way and
that and he set his jaw, looking very grim and intent with the urgency
of his Quest.
        "Well, Frodo, love," ventured Sam.  "I'm thinking we might take
that path, there."  Sam pointed to a wide, gently graded blacktop path
that descended toward the plains.
        "Well!" said Frodo, pleased.  "I think I will trust to your
judgment, Sam, love.  The path it is."  They gathered their supplies,
strapped their packs onto their packs, and began the long but not
terribly taxing descent to the plains below, stopping at a log cabin
about midpoint to refresh themselves and pick up a few maps and
brochures.
        "The Dread Marshes," read Frodo from one such pamphlet as he
and Sam walked along hand in hand.  "Oh, Sam, love, it sounds
fascinating!  Is it on our way?"
        Sam took a look.  "Seems to be," he said.  "I guess we can have
a look about, see the sights.  But damned if I didn't forget to bring
my camera!  If my Gaffer could see me now, he'd be saying, 'Sam, you
ninnyhammer, didn't I tell you to always bring a camera wherever you
go, because sure as you don't, that'll be when you'll be wanting one.'"
        "Well, Sam, love, there's no use calling yourself all the hard
names your abusive father berated you with," soothed Frodo.  "Besides,
I bought a camera at the rest stop while you were busy admiring the
flush toilets."
        "Did you?"  Sam brightened.  "Good.  Good.  That'll come in
handy," he added under his breath, smiling to himself.  "Yes, indeed,
it will."

        They sauntered on down the path.  Sam cast a wistful glance
back over his shoulder, suddenly finding himself wishing he hadn't been
so quick to leave the Emyn Mail.
        "There was LOVE!  All AROUND!  But I never HEARD it singing!
No, I never heard it at all, till there was YOU!"
        Sam looked over at Frodo with mild annoyance, but not without
affection:  and it struck him that despite his lofty intentions of
socially redeeming revolutionary value he had gone and gratuitously
fallen in love with Frodo.  <i>Well if that don't throw a spanner in the
works.</i>
        "And there was MUSIC!  And there were won-der-ful ROSES!"
        Rose.  Ah, she wouldn't be none too happy with him, she
wouldn't, and he didn't think she'd go for settling down as a happy
little threesome.  But it was a long way back to the Shire; Sam
shrugged and put Rose out of his mind, determined to enjoy the moment
while it lasted.
        "Till there was YOOOOUUU!!!"
        Easier said than done.  "Ah, Frodo, love, it might not be a
good idea to be singing at the top of your lungs in a strange country.
You never know what sort of riff-raff it might attract."
        Just then a small, pale, androgynous creature stepped out from
behind a boulder.  "Hobbitses," it hissed lasciviously.  "Hobbit-
MENNNS.  We likes, my Preciousss, we doesss."
        "Exhibit A," muttered Sam.
        The creature paid him no heed.  "Tricksy, tricksy Elf-wimmins,"
it rambled on.  "Tricksy Elveses.  Tricksy Belden.  No mystery here, my
Precious.  Tricksy!  Promises us a feast of mens and then kicks us
where it hurtses, nasty, nasty Elveses, never trust, never trust.  But
we don't need Elveses now, my Precious, now we has Hobbit-mens all to
ourselves.  Oh, yes, we doesss--"
        "Oh, no, we doesn't," snapped Sam, tightening his grip on
Frodo's hand as he attempted to push his way past the creature.
        But Frodo halted.  "Sam, wait.  I do believe he's that Gulible
chap--"
        "I'm not a <i>he</i>!" shrieked the creature.  "I'm a <i>she</i>!"
        "What?" exclaimed Frodo and Sam in unison.
        "I'm a <i>she</i>," repeated Gulible.
        "But I'm told you're a <i>he</i>," argued Sam.
        "And <i>I'm</i> told <i>he's</i> a virgin," countered Gulible, jabbing a
scrawny thumb towards Frodo.  "But that's not what I sees, oh, no, my
Preciouss, not at all--"
        "And just how long have you been spying on us?" demanded Sam,
blushing a fierce shade of red.
        "Well, he may be a she," Frodo quickly interjected, tugging at
Sam's arm.  "What I'm told is never for certain."
        "Well, whatever it is," grunted Sam, eyeing Gulible with
suspicion, "the sooner we're away from it, the better."
        "No, no!" cried Gulible.  "Nice Hobbitses!  Cute Hobbitses!
Sweet, sexy Hobbitses!  Nice Hobbit-mens take Spiegel with you!"
        "Spiegel?" exclaimed Frodo and Sam, exchanging looks of
bewilderment.
        "Spiegel is me, and me is Spiegel," declared the
creature.  "Spiegel, called Gulible because I once believed mens can
change.  Silly, silly Spiegel!  Bad, wicked, naughty mens, writing
storieses to please only themselves, storieses of buxom benippled
wenches and frat-boy lusts, but nothing, nothing for poor Spiegel!  No
lusting after mens, oh, no, not allowed, not allowed!  But the
Revolution is coming, my Precious, yes it is, when the Sisterhood shall
be powerful and the wimmins shall be gratified, and the mens shall not
stop us, not the Hobbit-mens nor the Men-mens shall stop us now, and we
shall overcome, we shall overcome, we shall overcome someday!  Now, now
Spiegel knows, yesss, my Preciouss, she does, she knows mens are good
for only one thing, and when she gets the Precious back for her very
own, the Hobbit-mens and the Men-mens will give her all she wants, oh,
yes, they will.  Oh, Precioussss!  The Blessed Precioussss!  Oh, the
Blessed Precioussssss!!!"
        "What an eccentric performance," muttered Frodo.  "Still, she
seems to be mostly harmless."  Interrupting Spiegel's catalog of
grievances, he said aloud:  "All right, Spiegel, you may come along
with us--but no more watching Sam and I when we're together."
        "Oh, no, of course not, no watching," said Spiegel, not very
convincingly.
        "Swear it," growled Sam, flicking a switchblade.
        "Spiegel swears it!  Spiegel swears it!  Spiegel be very good."
        Frodo nodded, satisfied.  "Well, that's that.  Come along, Sam,
love, and you, Spiegel."
        Spiegel trotted along agreeably after Frodo and Sam.  Sam put
the knife away, but briefly pulled Spiegel aside to mutter <i>sotto
voce</i>, "If you're <i>really</i> good, maybe I'll let you take some
pictures."  Spiegel looked up at him with a libidinous gleam in her
eye.  "Oh, for that, Spiegel be <i>very</i> good, indeed," she hissed, and
in the meeting of their eyes was the meeting of two revolutionary and
subversive minds.


Spiegel moved languidly, with her bust thrust forward so hard that
Frodo thought that surely her upper back must ache like sonofabitch,
which it did.  Sam was in a fix: hand in Frodo's hand, Frodo's thumb
caressing; eyes on Spiegel's bosom; and mind ferociously on Rosie, Red
Rosie, Revolutionary Rosie.  Rosie with the athame and hands as swift as
her temper.
   Spiegel glanced at Sam and felt satisfied.  She started down the path
towards the marshes, her small yet shapely bottom drawing Sam's eyes
like Playboy magazine draws adolescent boys and televangelists.  The
cat-calls from two passing joggers on their way towards the fast-food
joint below proved that it wasn't just Sam: Spiegel was not as abhorrent
as she thought herself.
   Two hours later they were gorging cheeseburgers and french fries.
Spiegel would at first take only a few fries and a bit of salad from one
of Sam's burgers.  "Gulible, you really should eat some more," said
Frodo.  "You look starved."  Looking guiltily at Frodo, the stick-thin
hobbit-girl replied in song:

         <i>The greasy food
         upsets my mood
            it swells my bod.
         I'm grossly big
         I look a pig
            I feel a clod.
         I always feel ---</i>

   "Ha! ha!  What does we feel?" she said, looking furtively at the two
men.  "We'll tell you," she whispered.  "He told me years ago, Baggins
told me when I was just a little girl."  A shudder shook her body, and
Sam catching the look in her eyes felt a sudden sympathy welling in him.

         <i>Terribly fat;
         Nose like a hat;
         Always starving, ever growing;
         Look like needing tugboat towing;
         Never noticed till he said:
         Boys would always want me dead!
         Menfolk laugh behind my back
         'Cause I waddle like a sack!
         That's what Bilbo Baggins told
         When I was just ten years old ---</i>

   Suddenly Sam understood poor Spiegel's troubles.  A self-starver, an
anorexic little girl.  How beautiful and popular could she have been!
Even in her emaciated state she was attractive.  With her green eyes and
hair that when washed and tended would be a shock of flaming red, she
should be the proverbial man-killer.
   That was the deciding moment for Sam as far as old Bilbo Baggins was
concerned: with just a few comments to an impressionable little girl,
just to while away some tedious afternoons probably, this rich bastard
had shattered this poor working-class (Sam's assumption) girl's
self-confidence... oooh, Sam couldn't wait for the revolution.
   Frodo felt a little of the same.  He didn't notice that she was (to a
straight man) beautiful, but he felt her shame and knew how unneeded it
was.  He looked at Sam.  "Don't look at me," he whispered.  "I know as
well as you that Bilbo should not have said such things."
   Loudly he said to Spiegel: "Look, old Bilbo is my uncle.  I know him
better than you do.  He is full of bovine refuse.  You should have heard
those language lessons I took from him... you are not fat!"
   "Yes, we isss!"
   "No, you issn't!  Here, have a hamburger!"  He handed her a
quarter-pounder with extra cheese.  Doubtfully she took it, and nibbled
a single crumb.
   "Ack ack phbttt!  Trying to poison poor Gulible they are, dumb
menfolk!  Grease and fat, Spiegel cannot eat that!"
   "Come on," said Sam.  "Try it.  Give it a chance.  Frodo is right:
you are thin as a twig.  Ten of those would do you good - ten each day
for a month.  We aren't teasing you!"
   "Yes you isss!  Baggins said we iss fat as a hippo in a butter
factory."
   "And another Baggins says otherwise," Frodo replied.  "Why believe in
him and not me?"
   "Becaussse he isss straight!"  The look in Spiegel's beautiful eyes
was venomous.
   Frodo shrugged, not noticing Sam opening his mouth and shutting it
again.  "Have it your way then, fatso," he said.

   This being the last restaurant for several days, the hobbits bought
several packs of vacuum-packed hamburgers in a nearby supermarket.  Then
they started towards the marshes.  At first they followed a tourist
trail, but this soon veered aside, and they left it.  They were in the
marshes proper.
   "I have been here before," said Spiegel.  "Hobbit-mens should be
careful.  There are alligators here.  They don't touch me, because I'm
too fat: I bet their cholesterol count soars at the sight of us."
   "No, they won't eat you because gators eat meat and not sticks and
wire with blobs of fat on them," replied Frodo, without noticing the
hurt look that this produced in Spiegel.  Sam noticed, and his hate
against the upper classes increased another notch.

   Some time later, when Frodo was passing hraka behind a bush, Sam
tried again to explain to Spiegel that she was not fat.  "Have you heard
about anorexia?" he asked.
   "Yes.  What's that got to do with us?  Only thin people who <b>think</b>
that they are fat have it!"
   "Have you looked in a mirror?"
   "No!  We hates mirrors!"
   "You cannot honestly think that you are fatter than me and Frodo!"
   "Yes we are!  Look!"  She grabbed a fold of skin between two fingers.
"Look like the Michelin man, we does!  Like a stack of car tyres.  Truck
tyres!"
   "There is no fat inside that fold," said Sam.  Spiegel turned away
and would not answer.

   "Spiegel, why do you always refer to yourself as 'we'?"
   "Because we are so fat that if ever we went by plane, we would have
to buy two or three tickets.  And boy would we be in trouble if they
were not adjacent!  Baggins said so."
   "How would that old coot know?  He's so rowdy once he's had a drink
or two that every airline has him on a file - they refuse him whenever
he tries to buy a ticket.  They've had enough of <i>him</i>!"

   At nightfall they made camp.  Frodo took out the gas burner and
inexpertly lit it.  Then he put a grille inside a thick-walled pot and
put three hamburgers on it.  Soon a somewhat delicious smell spread.
For a while Sam tried to convince Spiegel that she was not fat, when
suddenly she relented.  With a look of terrible revulsion on her face,
she wolfed down a hamburger, and then two pounds of lettuce.  Sam
whispered to her: "And please don't sneak off and throw that up!"  After
a moment of thought he added: "You won't be a good girl if you do."
Spiegel, the eyes of her mind upon Frodo's camera, sighed and curled up
to sleep.

   Some hours later she woke up, finding the camera placed next to her.
The other two were gone, but from behind some densely leaved bushes came
a quiet, rythmic rustling.  Heart pounding, she grabbed the camera and
sneaked over to the bushes.  Quietly she peered over them, then put the
camera to her eye.
   And then lowered it with a sigh.  Midnight and a low half moon are
not the perfect lighting for photographing without a flashlight, and
<i>that</i> was not an option.

   The next morning Sam asked her if she had got a few good snaps that
might be used for some revolutionarily useful extortion.  She returned a
brief explanation.  Sam thought for a moment.
   "Hey, Frodo.  I think we should stop travelling during the day.
Spiegel says there are evil things about.  Evil things with eyes, and
they report to Minas Tirith™.  It will go ill with your Núrnenshire
hovel, er, estate if <b>they</b> get their hands on that deed."  Frodo, by
now trusting Sam totally, made no objections.

   Sometime later that day, Spiegel got some interesting snaps among
those bushes.

   That evening Sam lit the gasfire.
   "Won't those Minas Tirith™-spies see that gaslight?" asked Frodo.
   "No," replied Spiegel.  "For one thing, it is difficult to see that
little flame in broad daylight.  For another, marsh-lights can often be
seen around here."
   Frodo looked at Sam, who nodded.  A little later, Sam convinced
Spiegel to have another hamburger, with extra cheese.  They were out of
green stuff, but she ate tomato slices instead.  Two pounds of them.  At
nightfall they packed their things and got started.

   "What did you do <b>that</b> for?!"  Sam's voice was angry.  "Had a change
of preferences?  Suddenly like women again now?"
   Frodo chuckled.  "Not in a lifetime.  Just wanted to see that lard
wobble."

   "Spiegel, don't pay that rich slavemaster no attention!  Just like
his <b>father</b> Bilbo, he is.  It's just one of them simian alpha-male
power-displays that that family is so fond of.  They'll be up against
the wall the both of them one of these days, and you can be in the
firing squad!"  The girl, sobbing quietly, threw him a glance but said
nothing.

   The night was dark, but not altogether so.  Civilization was far
behind them, and they were in a trackless land.  But miles and miles
away the lights of civilization were strong enough to illuminate the
tops of the reeds even here: billboards, headlights, roving searchlights
reflected off the clouds.  As they walked deeper into the marshes,
further from these lightsources, the night became darker.  Then the sky
turned pale in the east, and the mountain fences of Mordor glittering
with pinpoint lights showed faintly against it.  They made camp next to
a wide mere.  Now they were deep into the marshes.  The ground was wet.
The rustling reeds were tall, but there were no bushes.  To Sam's
relief, Frodo judged that they could have no privacy from Spiegel here.
"The reeds would rustle too much," he whispered coyly.  "They would sway
like clusters of flagpoles in a gale.  They would..."  Sam closed his
ears to the rest.
   Twice that day they cooked hamburgers.  During their first meal, Sam
coaxed Spiegel into having an entire quarter-pounder.  "She already
looks healthier," whispered Frodo to Sam.  "Yes, really swelling," he
added more loudly.  Spiegel maintained a stony look.  At their second
meal they had to go without any vegetable stuff - she had eaten their
onions, a whole pound of them, and her breath was not very nice for a
while.  More than once that day she had had the screaming hrakas.
   Sam failed to convince her to have a second burger in lieu of the
vegetables that she had followed up her previous three burgers with.  At
nightfall they set out.

   Suddenly they stopped and shrank.  It was foggy.  Out of the air came
two distant voices.
   <i>"...but honey..."
   "You are <b>not</b> killing that fine man, hear?  Such a handsome, fine,
strong, noble, handsome man!  I saw him in the trailer.  I think it was
him anyway."
   "But I did kill him!"
   "He was not last seen dead!"
   "But my plotline demands that he be dead!  It's my story after all!"
   "And this is my skillet!"  </i>&lt;clong&gt;
   <i>"Ow!  You silly old crone..." </i>&lt;boing BOINK&gt;
   <i>"Say it!  Say he'll return to the story!" </i>&lt;clang&gt;
   <i>"Okay, okay, hon..."
   "Letting that fine man die and the miserable creature that stabbed
him live..."</i>
   The two voices trailed off.  Frodo shivered.  "What was that?  I feel
a strange and uncanny foreboding."  The other two shrugged.  Then the
trio continued onwards through the marshes.

   "Aaah!!"  Frodo's panicky shriek rang through the night.  The other
two turned like tops to face him.  "There is a dead man!  A dead man in
the water!  With weeds in his hair!"  He was staring into a wide pool
with several marshlights shining near the bank where he was standing.
   "That's strange," replied Spiegel, approaching him with apprehension.
   Sam cast a look at the dimly lit figure.  "It's the corpse of a man
alright.  C'mon.  He's nothing to do with us.  Why haven't the
alligators got him?"
   "It looks like..." Frodo muttered to himself, unable to extricate
himself from the sight.  He bent down closer to the corpse.
   With a splash a strong arm shot out of the water.  Before anyone
could react, Frodo was grabbed by the tunic, dragged into the water, and
a shadow rose up out of it and pinned the wildly thrashing hobbit to the
muddy bottom.  A mad fierce gleam was in his eyes.  The marshlights
shone like Griswold Christmas lights.  It was the man in the water, and
he was alive!
   "Boromir™!  Boromir™!" cried Sam.  "You're alive!  But I saw
him kill you!"
   Boromir™ did not reply, until Sam reached out from the bank and
grabbed him by the shoulder.  Then he pushed Sam back with one hand,
still holding Frodo down with the other.
   "Yes!" he cried.  "That he tried!  First he will take the Ring to the
enemy who would devour us all, land and <b>slaves</b> being his promised
wages, and then he tries to kill me!  And <b>then</b> the others lash me to a
raft and send me down the Rauros falls!"
   Frodo's struggling grew weaker.  A burst of bubbles came from his
mouth.  Then Boromir™ drew his sword and pierced the drowning hobbit
through the chest, to the hilt.

   At dawn they stood on the bank of the little lake in the middle of
the marshes, not watching the feast of the alligators.  On the ground
lay pieces of wet confetti.  "Lies," said Boromir, ™ no longer, as he
cast down the last bits of paper.  They looked like chads.  "Lies of
Tyrannosauron and of El Rond.  And this," he fingered the Ring, "goes
straight into the fire.  To Mount Viagra!  It is an instrument of
oppression.  Are you with me, Sam, revolutionary Sam?"  Pointing at the
red froth of the alligators: "Is something like this not what you
dreamed of all the time?  <b>I</b> noticed the razor blade in his eggs!"
   "You...you're the son of the Steward," said Sam.  "Yes, I can't say
that I disapprove.  Except for the signs at the tourist trails about not
feeding the litigators.  But <b>you</b>?"
   Boromir sighed.  "I was always secretly uneasy about the
corporate-feudal oppression that my family inflicts on the people.  Then
that little brat put his sword in me.  I had drawn sword against him a
few moments before, I must admit..."
   "I noticed."
   "Oh did you?  Well, that opened my stomach.  But what <b>really</b> opened
my <b>eyes</b> was what happened after.  Bleeding like a pig I fought against
orcs, and they could not stand against me.  They clove my horn, but they
couldn't touch me!  The survivours ran off, and I believe Lego-lass and
Giggly had their share of them.  If orcs it was: there was a strange
metallic gleam on them that was not armour.  They didn't bleed much when
I made great gashes in them with my sword, and what little blood came
was black.  Orc blood is as red as ours... but I fell exhausted with the
wound that Frodo had given me.  And then... and then..."  Greater rage
gleamed in his eyes.  "Aragon pretended that I was dead.  He questioned
me, and when Giggly and Lego-lass came, he lied and said that I was
dead.  The other two believed him, even though I spoke and protested!
They knocked me cold, and when I woke up I was tied to a raft and
drifting off the Rauros.
   "How I survived I cannot explain.  The fall into the churning bowl
broke the raft into nearly sawdust, and I was free.  I was unable to
swim, but grabbed a larger piece of wood and drifted down the river,
until I was washed up on the east bank.  That Aragon is so wimpy at the
sight of blood that he had closed my stomach-wound crudely with some
rings from the chain-mail of an orc (or whatever it was), and that saved
my life then.  Otherwise my intestines would be trailing the length of
the river by now ---
   "I lay on the riverbank.  Happily the sword-thrust had gone in at the
diaphragm, and missed the gullet and lungs and heart and intestines and
that.  That Frodo was tall for a hobbit, and I had been bending forward.
It was the dirt on the blade that nearly finished me off, not so much
the wound itself.  An old woman found me and carried me into a hut.  She
saved my life.  She didn't speak.  She kept a large and battered skillet
in her hand most of the time... Then when I woke up and knew that I was
going to live, the hut, the bed and the woman were gone.  I lay on
fronds near the river.  I was dizzy with fever, even when I became
stronger, and I staggered blindly for days, until I stumbled into that
pool there.  I nearly drowned.  I put my head on a submerged tussock so
that my nose just stuck out of the water.
   "Then I look up, and guess who is looking down at me!  And the rest
you saw with your own eyes.  Who is <b>she</b>?"
   "This," said Sam indignantly, "is Spiegel, nicknamed Gulible.  She
was convinced by <b>Bilbo Baggins</b> when she was little that she was fat
and ugly.  She's been an anorexic ever since."  Spiegel looked at
Boromir with shy yet gleaming eyes.  "And that Frodo didn't help much
either!"  Boromir looked at her with sudden sympathy.
   "Ugly?  You're not ugly!"
   "Yess..."  There was a hesitant note in the thin girl's voice.
   "Come on, girl.  I'm partial to men myself, and shall not deny it;
but I know when a woman is pretty and when she is ugly.  And you are
pretty."
   The light dimmed in Spiegel's green eyes, but was not altogether
extinguished.
   "Frodo was gay himself," said Sam, grabbing Frodo's camera and
tearing out the film.  There was no need for it anymore.
   "Was he now?" replied Boromir.  "Well, an asshole is an asshole, no
matter his taste in holes!"

   Two days later they emerged from the marshes.  They were out of
hamburgers, for Boromir was a large man, recovering from a wound and an
illness, and Spiegel was eating much too, ballooning out towards a
normal size.  This was land that was largely controlled by Sauron (whom
they wanted to avoid), but Gondor™'s agents walked among the
Mordorian neon glitz, disguised as tourists.  They were now the enemies
of the eldest son of the Steward, and would remain so even if Aragon
toppled Boromir's father from power.  Accordingly Sam and Boromir didn't
dare show themselves, but sent Spiegel to do some shopping.  By
nightfall they had a cold meal in a little dell.  The ground was covered
in more than a foot of garbage thrown by careless tourists.  After the
meal they started walking towards the Gates of Mordor, brightly lit by
megawatts of neonlights.
   Spiegel walked between the two men, the tall Boromir and the
her-sized Sam.  She was happy.  For the first time since she was ten she
smiled and was happy.  Sam thought her dazzling.  She told them:
"Between you you have cured me of my anorexia."
   "Glad to hear it, dear."
   "Only one thing mars my happiness.  Well, two things.  One of you is
gay, and the other has a fiancée.  I can't have neither of you."  She
giggled.
   Boromir sighed.  "Well, it can't be helped.  But you are a pretty
girl.  You should have your pick of men, once we are in decent lands."
   "I have never <b>been</b> to decent lands," she replied.


Before the next day dawned they were well into the student residential
area of Mordor.  The old shopping and dining districts with their distinctive
urban sprawl were behind them.  Before them, darkling against pallid sky,
the great dormitories reared up threateningly.
  Upon the west of Mordor marched the Ethel Duwap, the Mountains of Jazz
which Sauron had renovated in yet another of his musical "renaissances".
The hobbits and Boromir™ observed that whom the Valar would drive mad,
they indeed first destroyed.  Upon the northern border the Ered Lithography,
grey and steep, gave many a geography student of Muddle-earth pause with
their frighteningly confusing contours.  But as these ranges approached one
another, being indeed but parts of one great wall about the gigantic parking
lots of Lithlad Station and the Mall of Gorgoroth with its factory outlets
skirting the posh waterfront of Lake Nurnenshire, they swung out long arms
northward; and between these arms was a deep defile.  This was Cirith
Googol, the Mystical Pass, the entrance to the land of the Enemy.  High
cliffs lowered upon either side, and thrust forward from its mouth were two
sheer hills, black-boned and bare.  Upon them stood the Teeth of Mordor,
two towers strong and tall.  In days long past, they were built by the Men
of Gondor™ to taunt Sauron, and indeed the exterior of each was still
graven with many mocking runes; but the strength of Gondor™ failed, and men
slept, and their amusement parks stood empty, not least of them this
outpost.  Then Sauron returned, and had the last laugh.  Now the
towers, which had fallen into decay, were repaired, and filled with students
of the musical and literary arts, ceaselessly scribing and generating reams
of hackneyed tripe year upon year.  Stony-faced the dorms were, with dark
window-holes staring north and east and west across the Googol Quad, and
each window was full of sleepless eyes.
  Across the mouth of the pass, from cliff to cliff, the Dark Lord had built
a rampart of stone.  In it there was a single gate of iron, and upon its
battlements sat the laziest-looking campus security orcs that Sam could
ever have imagined.  Beneath the hills on either side of the rock was a
vast network of underground libraries, late-night cafes, and mediocre jazz
joints.  There a host, the denizens of these caves, lurked, ready at a
signal to issue forth like vast legions of undergraduates going to class.
None could pass the Teeth of Mordor and not be pressed against a sheer
wall of tired and very ornery people with caffeine-reddened eyes, unless
they were summoned by Sauron, and knew the secret passwords that would open
the back gates of his land.
  The two hobbits gazed at the towers, the wall, and Boromir™ in despair.
Even from a distance they could see the rent-a-cops munching donuts upon
the wall, and the endless stream of muttering students streaming out of an
establishment that was labeled "JAVA" in very flowery Tengwar.  Winging the
heavy air in a straight flight a raven, were it inclined to savor this
atmosphere of despondency, would have flown but a furlong from their
hiding-place to the black summit of the nearer dorm.

  Day came, and the fallow sun blinked over the almost artificial-looking
ridges of Ered Lithography.  Then suddenly the peal of an enormous
carillion was heard, calling the student body of the University of Northern
Mordor to arise.  This was followed by the cry of brazen-throated trumpets
from a hundred classrooms across campus not fifteen minutes later.  Another
dreadful day of fear and toil had come to Mordor, and the day students,
sleep-deprived and fell, were marching to their morning classes.  The steel
of their bicycles gleamed dimly on the battlements.

  "Well, here we are!" said Sam.  "Here's the Gate, and it looks to me as if
that's about as far as we are ever going to get.  My word, but the Gaffer
would have an endless stream of abuse to heap upon me if he saw me now!
Often said I was dumber than a post and the dirt it was planted in, he did.
But now I don't suppose I'll ever see dear old Dad again.  He'll miss his
chance of <i>You worthless idiot, if you had HALF your wits you could at
least live up to your name... Call yourself a WORKER?  You're a disgrace
to the Cause!</i>  But he could go on ragging on me as long as he'd got
breath, if only I could see his drug-addled face again.
  "I suppose it's no good asking 'what way do we go now?'  We can't go no
further - unless we want to ask the Orcs for directions."
  "No, no!" shrieked Spiegel.  "No use.  Can't ask fat cops for directions,
they is useless, they is.  Spiegel said: we'll go to the Gate, and now
we sees.  Time to go home."
  "Now wait a minute!" shouted Boromir™.  "I brought us this far, and I
say we go on!"
  "No you didn't!" said a voice that sounded like Sam's.
  "Yes, I did!" insisted Boromir™.
  "We doesn't think so, preciouss.  He didn't get us through the marshes, did
he?" said Spiegel.  "Stabs nice Master and feeds him to the alligators, he
does.  Not nice Man."
  "I didn't see you complaining!" cried Boromir™ defensively.  "Besides,
you haven't heard MY side of the story!  Frodo stabbed ME..."
  "Now, see here, I know he stabbed you, and that's a fact.  But I also saw
you telling him terrible stories about how Sauron was planning to cheat him
of his inheritance and overrun the Shire..." countered Sam, or so it seemed.
  "He WILL overrun the Shire!  And he'll put opera houses in every town from
Hobbiton to Bree!  I wouldn't put it past him to set up a branch campus of
the Mordor Academy for the Performing Arts in Michel Delvi---"
  "DAWN TAKE YOU ALL AND BE STONE TO YOU!" thundered a voice that sounded
like Gandalf's, at least to Boromir™.  Truth to tell, Boromir™ was
really feeling the effects of his injuries, a ride down the Anduin
strapped into a boat, and the dreadful voice of Frodo's unquiet spirit,
which had haunted him since the hobbit's untimely murder and dismemberment
two nights ago.  At this final pronouncement, Boromir™ could take no
more. "Frodo, come back!" he shrieked.  "A madness took me, but it has
passed! Come back!"  Finally Boromir™ fell prone as if indeed petrified
by the dawn.
  As Spiegel and Sam looked on in utter amaze, Frodo crept up the path and
greeted Boromir™.  The dumbstruck man shrieked anew and dashed into
the defile, hollering, "I see deead people!"  The last time the hobbits
glimpsed him, he was being hounded by a detachment of fraternity types
who had placed a large horned helmet on his head in some sort of hazing
ritual.
  Spiegel screamed, "Wraiths!  Wraiths with hairy feet!" and began to follow
Boromir™ into the defile, but Frodo grabbed her still-emaciated wrist
and hauled her back by main force.  Sam cowered from Frodo's advancing
form until Frodo noticed his growing fear and laughed. "What's the
matter, Sam?  You look as if you've seen an invisible hobbit!"
  Sam, still baffled, stumbled, "You mean you've been using IT?  To fool
Boromir™ into thinking you... you're alive after all, then?!"
  "By Eru, Spiegel, I think he's got it!" chuckled Frodo at the
still-hissing Gullible.
  "But Master... how did you survive being stabbed through the heart with
that sword of Boromir's™?"
  "Haven't you seen how he filed that thing on a ROCK?!  That's no way to
treat a sword, if you can call it that!  The thing almost bent double on
this trusty suit of mithril mail here, though I've got another scar for
my trouble.  Suffice it to say that he missed any vitals."
  "But how did you escape the alligators?  I saw them rolling you in the
swamp..."
  "Fortunately, I have some knowledge of <i>hapkido</i>, which the Elves call
<i>Eru ex machina</i>.  It's just a fancy term for escaping death with a
neat trick, say, a Ring of Power.  The gators couldn't see me, either."
  "But... but... all that red miasma that bubbled up..."
  "I'm afraid that was a pack of strawberry creme-filled <i>twinkies</i>
weighted down with your pots, Sam.  Who would have thought that
alligators like those, eh?"
  At this awful revelation, Sam drew his sword and prepared to run the
<i>bourgeois</i> scum through in earnest, but Frodo looked so beatific having
just returned from the dead that he through better of it.  Sam, still
abstracted and bemused, saw that all traces of the sometimes brooding
young man he had known before were gone.  The confused <i>nouveau
riche</i> bachelor had vanished.  Even the decadent young esquire who had
made unwanted advances upon him in the trek through the marshes no
longer existed.  In their place stood the form of Frodo son of Drogo,
the Eternal Hobbit, shimmering in the faint light of Sting.

  "All right, that's enough gawking," said Frodo, breaking Sam's reverie.
"I told you that I purpose to enter Mordor, and I know no other way.
Therefore I shall go this way.  I do not ask anyone to go with me,
unless he still seeks to be rid of the Dark Tyrant."  At this Spiegel
gnawed at her well-worn nails and thought of the tyrant that had ruled
her every waking (and bingeing, and purging) moment since the day she
had gone fishing with her friend Schmiegel.
  "No, no, master!" she wailed, pawing at Frodo, and seeming in dire
hunger.  "No use that way!  No use!  Don't take the Precious to Him!
Stay out of Mordor!  He'll eat us all, if He gets it, eat all the
world, and vomit it up into Lake Nurnenshire.  And you'll not have a
penny of your inheritance.  Keep it, nice master.  Or better yet, give
it... to old Spiegel!"
  "Get out of my way, you... dame of Udun!" exploded Frodo.  Spiegel
cowered now, covering her ears against the awful thunder of Frodo's
voice.  "I am commanded to go to the land of Mordor, and therefore I
shall go," said Frodo.  "Neither would I be cheated out of my
birthright," he added vigorously.

  Sam said nothing.  The look on Frodo's face was enough for him; he
knew better than to ever get between the Master and his money.  Words
were useless.  Deeds, gratuitously violent ones, would see his Cause
through.  And after all he never had any real hope in the affair from
the beginning; but being an incorrigible fanatic he had not needed hope,
so long as imperialist blood was available to be shed.  But he had
stuck to his master all the way, even when he had seen him apparently
chewed to pieces by river-dwelling alligators; that strange resolve,
too, was part of what made him a Gamgee.  Yes, all through the history
of the Shire and before, the Gamgees had been renowned for being rabid,
seething revolutionaries who served a mean cup of tea, passionate
fighters who were just earnest enough to remain loyal to the landed
gentry who adopted them (and, truth to tell, just too dumb NOT to).
  Gullible, however, did not intend to be got rid of, yet.  She knelt
at Frodo's feet, wringing her hands and shrieking several octaves
higher than the hobbits had ever heard her do.  "Not this way, master!"
she pleaded.  "There is... another..." she grated.  Frodo and Sam
peered at her intently.  As if releasing her last breath, she panted,
"... shortcut!"
  "Another shortcut!" said Frodo hopefully, looking down at Gullible
eagerly.  "By the Valar, perhaps we can get into Mordor without all
that crap Galadriel showed me in her mirror!  All that intrigue,
fighting and killing - it really had me, well, blue."
  "Yess!  Yess indeed!  There <i>was</i> another shortcut.  Spiegel found it.
Let's go and see if it's still there!"
  "You have not spoken of this before."
  "No. Master did not ask.  Master was conservative, sedentary homebody.
Speigel says to self, <i>if Master wants to live out life in fear, let
him</i>.  Then voice in Spiegel's head says, <i>no, no, no, Spiegel promised
not to lead them into lethal tra--</i> err, wrong voice.   Voice says,
<i>even the smallest person can change the course of the future</i>.  Spiegel
wants to help."
  "What a coincidence!  Galadriel said the very same thing to me!"
  Sam frowned.  If he could have drawn his barrow-blade and held it to
Spiegel's waifishly thin throat, pressing its point into the hollow of
her wrinkled flesh, menacing her inch by inch until she relented and
explained what she meant by "lead them into lethal tra--", he would have
done.  But Sam, remembering how Spiegel had indeed uttered these words
in a bizarre debate with herself, found it hard to believe that anyone
with that many voices in her head could hatch a coherently treacherous
plot.  At least, the Elvish-aphorism-uttering part(s) of Spiegel, whom he
called Witty, seemed to have the bitter-spinster part(s), whom he called
Biddy, under control.  And of course, both had catastrophic eating
disorders, severe enough to keep Witty/Biddy from getting far in
Mordor's college town without the Enemy's notice.
  "And it's a good thing neither half of the old girl don't know what I'm
trying to get master to do," he thought.  "If she knew that I'm going
to get her Precious into the fire if it means tossing dear Mr. Frodo,
kicking and screaming, into the roiling pit of molten lava with my bare
hands, ahem, well, she might not be so eager.  Perhaps I'll be able to
distract her with a <i>twinkie</i> when the time comes.  It's beyond any
Gamgee to come up with more than a basic tactical plan, anyhoo.  I just
hope Mr. Frodo doesn't decide that he wants his inheritance more than
he wants Sauron and the <i>Nazdaq</i> all dead as doornails.  He's as wise as
any, or so they keep telling me, but he's a greedy son-of-a---"
  "All right, Spiegel," interjected Frodo, putting an end to Sam's silent
deliberation.  "I trusted you once, and it nearly got me run through
and torn into bite-sized pieces, but anyone could have led me into the
waiting hands of a psychopathic killer.  I'm willing to call it an
honest mistake and let bygones be bygones.  Indeed it seems that I must
do so, if I am to get my hands on the estate that Sauron's minions have
promised me.  But I warn you, Spiegel, you are in danger."
  "Yes, yes, master!" said Gullible.  "Spiegel is surrounded by fatty
foods!  Her bones shake to think of the calories, but she doesn't run
away.  <i>You will find adventure or it will find you</i>, Spiegel's uncle
told her long ago."
  "I did not mean the danger that we all share," said Frodo, glancing
down at the spare tire that he had acquired since leaving Lothlorien.
"I mean a danger to yourself alone.  You swore a promise by that which
you call the Precious.  Remember that!  It will hold you to it, but it
will find the most semantically perverse interpretation possible.
Already you can feel word senses and speech acts being twisted.  You
revealed yourself to me just now, foolishly."
  At this Spiegel and Samwise both looked stuporously at their pants.
  "No, you idiots!  <i>Give it back... to old Spiegel</i>, she said.  Now
the Precious is giving back all the bad mojo that our murderous lady
friend here has dished out over the years!  Throttled your childhood
girlfriend, did you, Spiegel?  Was she more popular than you were?
Did you think she had a shaplier figure?"
  "Told you, did he?" sobbed Spiegel.  "But Gandalf never told you
what happened to Schmiegel, did he?"
  Frodo paused, momentarily confused.  "What do you mean?  He told me
enough!  He told me you killed her!"
  "No.  <i>I</i> am Schmiegel." said Spiegel simply.  "That was the nickname
that my Grandmother gave me when I was a little girl.  One day - it
was my birthday - I was fishing in the river and dropped my pole.  I
dove in after it and saw something glittering at the bottom.  I came
up with it and saw that it was a golden ring.  I-- I tried to put it
on, but---"
  "But you couldn't, could you?" said Sam softly.
  "You see, I really was fat."
  "No, you weren't, Spiegel.  The Precious was using you then, even as it
is now."
  "That's not true!  It can't be!  It's impossible!" cried Spiegel.
  "Search your feelings... you know it to be true," countered Frodo.
  "Noooooo!" shrieked Spiegel shrilly.  Then she began to weep brokenly.
  "So, when Gandalf said that Spiegel killed Schmiegel..." began Sam.
  "It's true - from a certain point of view," explained Frodo.
  "A <i>certain point of view</i>?!  That wicked old dotard!  Serves him right,
being dragged to a pink fluffy death in Kringle-Dum!" exclaimed Sam,
looking at the wreck of a hobbit with mingled pity and abhorrence.
  "We fasted, yess, we starved, but we could never get the Precious on.
<i>Schmiegel</i> is Kuduk for 'dumpling' in our Stoor dialect, you know.
Nana could never bear to call us that after we wasted away, <i>saddam,
saddam</i>.  Tried to hang ourselves, we did.  Twice.  But rope kept
breaking.  Burned uss, it did..."
  Frodo and Sam gaped in fascinated horror.
  "We ran away.  Once we loved to suck eggses, but the yolks, they
disgusted us now.  The yellow face made us look fat.  The white face,
too.  We hid under the earth, ate bugs and little orcses.  Then, one
day, the Precious... the Precious..."
  "It fit.  It fit because it was ready to get back to its master," mused
Frodo.  "But Schmiegel was long dead, wasn't she?"
  "Yess, <i>saddam</i>, deead, dussst and ashes."  Spiegel stopped blubbering
momentarily to blow her nose.
  Frodo sighed.  There was a long, awkward silence.  Then Frodo spoke again
less sternly.  "Come now, Gullible or Schmiegel if you wish, tell me of
this other shortcut, and show me, if you can, what hope there is in it,
enough to justify me in turning aside from my plain path.  Time is
fleeting towards the appointed hour in which I must appear to claim my
estate."
  But Gullible was in a pitiable state, clearly traumatized by the
recounting of her tale of ruin.  It was not easy to get any clear
account out of her, amid her sniffling and squeakings, and the frequent
interruptions in which she crawled on the ground and begged them not
to look at how emaciated she had become.  After a while she grew calmer,
and Frodo gathered bit by bit that, if a traveller followed the road
that turned west of Ethel Duwap, he would come in time to a crossing
in a circle of trees.  On the right a road went down to Disgiliath
and the bridges of the Anduin; in the middle the road went on southwards.
  "On, on, on," said Gullible. "We never went that way, but they say it
goes on a hundred leagues, until you can see the Great Water that is
never still.  There are lots of nice fishes there (mmm... seafood),
and big birds eat fishes (mmm... big birds): but we never went there,
alas, no!  never ate fried food.  And further still there are more lands,
they say, but the Yellow Face is very hot there, and there are seldom
any clouds, and the men have huge curved swords and talk funny and chop
anything they doesn't recognize into bits.  We do not want to see that
land."
  "What of the third turning?" asked Frodo.
  "O yes, O yes, there is a third way," said Gullible.  "The old fortress,
very old, very horrible now.  We used to hear tales from the South,
when Schmiegel was young, long ago.  After dinner, when we sat by the
banks of the Great River and had dessert, <i>saddam, saddam</i>."  She began
to weep and mutter.  The hobbits rolled their eyes and waited again.
  "Tales out of the South," Gullible went on again, "about the tall Men
dressed in funny costumes, with their fair daughters whose eyes were
the size of teacups, and their cities with shops in every house, and
the silver crown of their King and his Magic Studio: wonderful tales.
They built great parks, and one was set atop a hill shaped like some
nameless animal, and its towers were silver-white, and there was a
gate, like all the gates of Gondor™, collecting tribute from all
who would enter the gardens of the Sea-Kings.  O yes, there were many
tales about the Tower of the Moonies."
  "That would be Minas Ethel that Elendil the son of Isildur built," said
Frodo.  "It was Elendil who cut off the finger of the Enemy."
  "Yes, He has only three on the Black Hand, but they are enough," said
Gullible shuddering.  "And He hated Elendil's city."
  "What does he not hate?  But they call it Minas Goofy now.  What has it to
do with us?"
  "Well, master, there it was and there it is: the tall tower and the white
pavilions and the gate; but not nice now, not beautiful, just really
expensive.  He conquered it long ago.  It is a very terrible place now.
They say an awful Singing King rules over it now, always singing terrible
songs about the coming of the shadow and what a small world it is after all.
Often he is away, but when he returns... ohh!"
  "But how will it help us to go this way?" demanded Sam.  "Surely the Enemy 
knows all about his own mountains?  Or has he sold them off to pay off his
debts?" he asked sardonically.
  "Speak not of which you know little," spat Spiegel with surprising
vehemence.  "He has many debts, not the least of which he owes to those
who would take more than his pinky in recompense."  Frodo and Sam raised
their eyebrows at each other.
  "Spiegel helps again, though hobbits are bitter and sarcastic.
She found it.  She knows it."
  "What did you find?" asked Frodo.
  Gullible crouched down and her voice sank to a whisper again.
"A little path leading up on a fifteen-degree incline into the mountains; then
an eighty five-degree turn, then a stair, two fathoms wide with each step
seventeen inches
deep and high, then a tunnel three point twenty five fathoms in diameter and one
thousand two hundred eleven furlongs in
length, barely illuminated at either end on nights when the moon is gibbous
waxing or fuller; and at last a little cleft, in which one human or a dwarf
and a hobbit can stand shoulder-to-shoulder, connecting into a
path two hundred feet
about the main pass.  Got that?"
  "Hold on, I'm still writing," said Sam distractedly.
  "Is it not guarded?" asked Frodo sternly.  "And did you <i>escape</i> out of
the darkness, Spiegel?  Were you not rather permitted to depart, with
the Enemy's sorcerous tools of map-making in hand?  That is at least
what Aragon thought, who found you by the Dead Marshes with that crystal
around your neck."
  "It's a lie!" hissed Gullible, and a wry look came into her eyes at the
name of Aragon.  "He lied on me, that fat, henpecked weed-smoker did.
I did escape, all by my poor self.  And I took that crystal from some
dead elf in the marshes.  Indeed I was told to seek for the Precious,
and I have searched and searched, of course I have.  But not for the
Black One.  The Precious was ours, it was mine I tell you.  I did
escape."
  Frodo and Sam exchanged glances again.  "Denial."
  "I ask you again," Frodo said.  "is this secret way guarded?"
  Gullible stared at the hobbits with a resentful look.
  "Is it not guarded?  Is it kindasorta guarded?"
  "Yes, yes, perhaps.  No safe places in this country," said Gullible
with an impetuous pout that recalled Arwen in one of her "moods".
  They could not get her to say more.  The name of the perilous place
and the high pass she could not tell, or would not.
  Its name was Cirith Googol, a name of dreadful rumour.  Aragon could
perhaps have told them its name and significance, being well acquainted
with webs of ill repute.  But they were alone, and Aragon was smoking
some of the Shire's finest far away, and Gandalf stood amid the ruin of
Isengard and strove with Aruman, delayed by the unraveling of what
seemed to all onlookers to be a hideously complex plot.  Yet even as
he hurled Aruman down to his doom, his thought was ever upon Frodo and
Samwise, over the long leagues his mind sought for them in hope and
pity...
  Frodo sat on the ground, pondering anxiously all that Gandalf,
Galadriel, and El Rond had said to him.  Here he was a little halfling
from the Shire, a simple hobbit of the quiet contryside, expected to
remember his middle school Geography and World Cultures classes.  It
was an evil fate.
  The day drew on.  A deep silence fell upon the little grey hollow where
they lay.  Not even an eagle poised against the sun would have marked
the hobbits sitting there, silent and unmoving, in their thin grey
cloaks.  For a moment he might have paused to consider Gullible - there
perhaps lay the famished skeleton of some child of Men - before he
recalled that he was not a scavenger and moved on to stoop on some nice
Gondorian™ cattle.
  Frodo's head was bowed over his knees, but Sam leaned back, with hands
behind his head, staring out of his hood at the empty sky.  At least
for a long while it was empty.  Then presently Sam thought he saw a dark
bird-like figure wheel into the circle of his sight, and hover, and then
wheel again.  Two more followed, then a fourth.  The first three seemed
to be trying to impress the fourth with aerobatic maneuvers.  A warning
fear gripped Sam's vitals as he had felt in the presence of the Black
Riders, a feeling quite different from the apprehension the Fellowship
had felt on the night that Lego-lass had shot some flying creature out
of the night sky.
  Sam took a deep breath.  "The Riders are about again, up in the air,"
he said in a hoarse whisper.  "I saw then.  Do you think they could see
us?"
  "According to Galadriel, no," replied Frodo, "but she also said I should
stay away from twenty-foot-long giant spiders.  I'm not sure she's juggling
with all three Silmarils, if you know what I mean."

  Sam suppressed his momentary hilarity to prick his keen hobbit ears at
a new sound.  Singing and hoarse shouting came from the distance, but
they could hear it drawing nearer.  The fear of armed soldiers sent to
capture them hurled the travellers out of their languorous state.
Frodo and Sam loosened their small swords in their sheaths.  Flight was
impossible.
  Gullible rose slowly and crawled to the lip of the hollow.  Very
cautiously she peered over the rim.  She drew back and whispered, "More
Men going to Mordor.  Dark faces.  We have not seen Men like this
before, no, Spiegel has not.  They are fierce.  They have black eyes,
and long black hair, and gold rings in their ears, and noses, and
eyebrows, and navels, yes, lots of beautiful gold.  And some have
red paint on their cheeks, and red cloaks, and red kilts, and their
flags are red, and the tips of their spears..."
  "Wait, are you sure these are men?" interrupted Sam.
  Gullible gave him a sardonic look.  "We can tells better than you can,
we thinks."
  "Well, were there any oliphaunts?" asked Sam, forgetting his fear in
his eagerness for news of the strange and sensational like many of his
descendants after him.
  "No, no oliphaunts.  What are oliphaunts?" said Gullible.

  Sam stood up, resting his right elbow in the palm of his left hand and
stroking his chin (as he always did when 'trying to look somewhat
educated'), and began:

        <i>Grey as a louse,
        Big as a house,
        Nose like a snake,
        A big mess I make,
        As I poop on the grass;
        Young trees do I bash.

        With horns in my mouth
        I dance in the South,
        Flapping big ears.
        Beyond count of years
        I stump round and round

        I do not like my father Ham
        My family life's a great big sham
        My Master's head I'd gladly wham
        I do not like him, Sam I am.

        If ever you met me
        You'd best not forget me
        'Cause I'd stomp you flat
        If you said I look fat
        Old Oliphaunt am I,
        Believe it, or die.</i>

  "That," said Sam, when he had finished reciting, "that's a rhyme we have in
the Shire."
  "We can tell, Precious," answered Spiegel.


As they waited for night to fall they rested, moving to the bottom of
the hollow to avoid the light of the setting sun.  The three hobbits
remained silent as evening deepened and lights began to spring on in
the dorms and all-night cafes.  As darkness grew in the hollow, Sam
got out the last of Spiegel's groceries and began making dinner. 
"I've got no POTS to fix anything fancy," he said pointedly, "but to
celebrate your return, sir, I'll add a little something special to our
meal."  Soon, he was putting the finishing touches on three large ham
and cheese sandwiches.
  Just at that moment, Spiegel gave a yelp and leapt away from Sam with
her eyes fixed on the lip of the hollow above him.  A dark form could
be seen there, looming against the emerging stars.  Frodo felt a queer
and curiously pleasant sense of deja vu at the sight, and he lay back
on the ground expectantly.  Sam, who was closer, could make out a man
in oddly archaic robes and holding some dark object in his hands.  In
a trembling voice he asked, "Who's there?"
  The man took a step forward, and then began to strum on the guitar he
held and <a href="http://home.uchicago.edu/~sbjensen/Tolkien/Etext/Pugilist.au">sing</a> in a melancholy voice:

<i>   I am Feanor's boy, and my story's dark and cold,
   I have squandered my resistance,
   For a pocket full of marbles such are Silmarils
   Made in the West.
   Morgoth stole them from my father
   And hacked up Grandpa's breast.
   Mmmm-mm-mmmmm...

   When I left my home to go cross the sea,
   I was no more than a boy
   in a company of warriors.
   Standing by my father I an awful oath declared.
   We needed boats,
   so we asked our shoreland cousins if they'd help but they said no;
   it was then we knew that they would have to go.</i>

  At this point, the man seemed to lose control of himself.  He whipped
out a sword and began stabbing and slashing in every direction as if
fighting an imagined horde of foes in a berserk rage, singing:

<i>   Die die-die!  Die die-die die die die-die,
   Die die-die!  Die die-die die die die die die-die-die-die die! </i>

  Regaining control, the singer began to strum his guitar again and
continued:

<i>   As the war went on for ages, Beren took a Silmaril home,
   to win Thingol's daughter.
   When they died their son refused to give us back the jewel.
   We marched in there
   Killing men and helpless children 'cause their lord was so unfair.
   Die-die die-die die, die die die die...</i>

  Although he twitched a few times as he finished the verse, the
musician managed to simply play on without singing for a few minutes,
gazing sadly off into space.  Suddenly, the rage came upon him again,
and he once again began leaping to and fro with his sword, to the
refrain:

<i>   Die die-die!  Die die-die die die die-die,
   Die die-die!  Die die-die die die die die die-die-die-die die! </i>

Again the madness passed, and he went on:

<i>   Now I'm chasing down these refugees and wishing for the stone:
   Father's stone.
   But the poor exiles don't do a thing but bleed on me...
   Speeding free... father's stone.

   In the clearing stands a jewel-box and two fighters holding blades
   And we slay them for the treasures
   That cost every love and life we had
   but burned us 'til we cried out
   In our anger and our shame,
   "I am leaving, too much grieving," but the minstrel still remains.
   Mmmm-mm-mmmmm...

   Die die-die!  Die die-die die die die-die,
   Die die-die!  Die die-die die die die die 
   Die-die-die-die die!  Die die-die die die die-die,
   Die die-die!  ...</i>

  This final chorus involved the most intense leaping and slashing
yet, and rather than calming down the singer seemed to get more and
more vicious and excited as he sang on.  And as Frodo, Sam, and
Spiegel watched, he stepped too far, toppled, wavered for a moment
on the brink of the hill, and with a yell came tumbling down straight
into the middle of Sam's cooking supplies.  All was suddenly silent.
  After a few moments, a groan came from the heap at the bottom of the
hill.  Sam, who had just gathered up his cooking gear and had begun to
creep forward to retrieve the sandwiches, leapt back to safety with
Frodo, while Spiegel cowered among the packs across the hollow.  As
the figure rose, Sam saw that it was not a man at all but an Elf, with
dark hair and a hungry look in his eye.
  "Wow!  Sandwiches!" exclaimed the Elf, and before they could
say another word he had started to wolf down the nearest one.  "You have
no idea how good this tastes," he said a few minutes later.  "How did
you come by this Elvish mustard so near the gates of Mordor?"
  Sam blushed and hung his head, but he found that he could not lie
while he was held by the singer's searching gaze.  "I stole a bit
before we left Lorien, begging your pardon, sir.  I meant no harm, on
my honor!  I just have no use for trees."
  The singer laughed.  "Oh, don't worry about it.  Nobody should
keep Elvish mustard from a true Sandwich Artist like yourself.  Did you
know that the secret of its making was taught to the Elves by Lavanna
herself?  It's made from the seeds of special mustard plants brought
out of the West from the Blessed Realm.  I should tell you, though,
that never before have strangers tasted the condiments of our own
people.  Come to think of it, you still haven't, have you?"
  Grinning he reached over and began to eat the second sandwich while
the hobbits looked on with increasing longing.  "You know what would
go really well with this?" asked the singer.  "A good <i>margarita</i>,
that's what."
  Frodo's eyes suddenly brightened.  "<i>Margarita</i>?  Do you know
El Rond, then?  Do you come from Rivendell?"  Memories of the fair
Elf-maidens in Rivendell began to surface in Frodo's mind, and he somehow
found himself forgetting the deep attraction for Sam that had been growing
on him for the past few weeks.  Now those Elf-maidens, they were good
company indeed... what could have made him forget the joy that he had
felt in the arms of young Findu-lass?  But Frodo turned his attention
back to the minstrel as he replied.
  "El Rond?  Rivendell?  Those names certainly don't sound familiar." 
The Elf seemed to be lost in some fair memory for a time, and then he
explained, "No, <i>margaritas</i> are an old family recipe, invented by my
father in the wild days of his youth.  We passed it on secretly,
father to son, but my family has dwindled over time: we never had much
of an opportunity to raise children.  I myself only taught the recipe
to my foster son Othar, but he and I lost touch quite some time ago."
  Sam felt a tug at his memory at that, but he was more interested in
other things.  "But who are you?" he asked.
  The Elf once again began to sing:

<i>   I am Feanor's boy, and my story's dark and cold...</i>

  "Ach, no!" cried Spiegel.  "Please, spare Spiegel's ears!  Already
we puts up with hour after miserable hour of recording and re-recording
and hearing that same music over and over.  If we has to listen to
that song again, divorce you we will!"
  Everyone else turned to stare confusedly at Spiegel.  "What do you
mean, 'divorce you'?" asked Frodo.
  "Sorry," replied Spiegel.  "I don't know what came over me.  Spiegel
felt like she was speaking the words of a distant voice from another
world.  Just don't sing song again and it might go away."
  Sam turned back to the singer.  "Let me put this another way: what is
your <i>name</i>?"
  "Oh, my name is Maglor," he answered.
  "Maglor!" exclaimed Frodo.  "Feenamint's son Maglor?  But what
were all those strange names in your song?"
  "Strange names?  Ah, right, you're used to hearing the <i>Gnomish</i>
names.  You see, when my people left the Blessed Realm, we had a bit
of a falling out.  Some of us took boats straight across the sea,
while the rest decided to walk all the way back to Middle-earth.  They
had to hike all the way north to the great mountain Stardock to get
around the sea, of course, and what's more they had to climb straight
over her.  All the way up her bare, wind-scoured west wall, across the
Tresses, down the Ladder, and across to Obelisk Polaris they went, and
then they somehow contrived to lower the whole troop down its sheer
sides.  With so many women and children along, you can imagine that
their losses were heavy indeed."
  Sam seemed puzzled.  "If it was so dangerous, and they had women and
children with them, then it don't make much sense for them not to take
the boats, and you can't deny it."
  Maglor seemed distinctly uncomfortable, and was quite relieved when
Frodo broke in to repeat his question.  "But what about the names? 
And what do you mean by <i>Gnomish</i>?"
  "Oh, didn't you know?  Whole cities of Ice Gnomes live up there, in
the caves of Stardock.  The Elves who crossed her became great friends
of the Gnomes, and even adopted parts of their language into their
own.  Some of the Elves even decided to stay there with them and
decorate their mountaintop homes with the gems and treasures they had
brought from the West.  At any rate, once the rest of us got back
together here in Middle-earth, their language caught on, and true
Proto-Elvish is rarely heard anymore."  With that, Maglor grabbed the
last of the sandwiches and began munching on it contentedly.

  The last light of day had long since vanished and the moon was sinking
as Sam, Frodo, and Spiegel began to gather the bags for the next stage
of their journey.  Maglor lay on the other side of the hollow, gazing
up at the stars and humming to himself.  Sam wasn't at all sure how
much to trust him after the madness of his song, but he hoped that
soon they would be safely away: the Elf hadn't stirred since he
finished the last of the sandwiches well over an hour before.
  To Sam's dismay, however, the Elf soon sat up and took note of their
preparations.  "Frodo," he called, "what is the relic of power that
you bear?  It seems to have a deep hold on you."
  Frodo spun round to face Maglor in surprise.  "What do you know of
the ri-, er, relic?"
  "Little is hidden from these eyes, Frodo.  Those who have lived in the
Blessed Realm lead a strange dual life, living at once in the
Neighborhood of the Seen and the Neighborhood of Make-Believe. 
Whatever it is that you carry, it casts a great shadow in the unseen
land.  I myself carried a thing of Power for a time, and I know what
its effects can be.  Does your burden toy with you as mine toyed with
me?"
  "What do you mean, toy with me?" asked Frodo.  "Did you, too, begin
to see your own burden in your dreams as an ever growing wheel of fire,
inescapably engulfing all other thoughts and memories until it alone
occupied your thought?"
  "No, can't help you there," replied Maglor, "but it sure played
havoc with my sex life.  One minute I found myself longing for the
company of women, the next for men, and back again without even a
moment's warning.   It was interesting for a while, but eventually the
thing just got out of control.  It sometimes went for years at a time
filling me with burning desire but never allowing me to follow
through.  I finally got rid of my treasure after it drove me to spend
a desperate but fruitless week snorkeling and looking for amiable
bluefish."
  "You know," mused Frodo, "that sounds disturbingly familiar."  As
Sam and Spiegel stared at him, he hurriedly added, "all but the fish,
of course," and concentrated intently on his shoelaces.
  "You really ought to get rid of the thing," Maglor suggested.  "My
brother had good luck dumping his in a pit of molten rock.  Well, not
such good luck, actually, but at least it didn't bother him anymore. 
I hear there's a good sized volcano over in Gorgoroth that might do
the trick.  Incidentally, where are we going?"
  Inwardly, Sam groaned, and he glanced nervously over at Spiegel to
see if she had made the connection.  It was bad enough that this fool
of an Elf was inviting himself into their group, but if he managed to
clue Spiegel in to the danger to her Precious there would be real
trouble.  As she began to speak, he reached for his sword, but in
relief he realized that she was still miraculously oblivious to their
plans.
  "Master plans to enter Mordor," Spiegel said.  "We takes him down
along mountains, walks many days, gets good exercise.  Take secret
shortcut into Black Land, yes, so master isn't taken straight to Him."
  "That sounds like quite a hike.  Why not just go through the dorms?"
Maglor asked.  "Security is remarkably lax.  I should know: I used to
be a music professor here.  In fact, if I'm not mistaken, some of
these nearer corridors lead straight from the coffee shops and jazz
clubs here to Durthang House on the far side of the mountains.  It
shouldn't be a bad trip at all, and you might even be able to pinch
yourselves some bicycles once you get to the other side."  The hobbits
all saw the sense in this, and soon they finished packing their bags
and crept toward the darkness of Mordor.

  It was deepest midnight by the time they reached the mouth of the
corridor that Maglor said would lead them to Durthang House, but their
care had paid off, for they had successfully avoided all of the
security orcs on the way.  Sam eagerly ran towards the opening, but
just as he was about to pass into it he felt a shock: as if he had run
into some invisible wall.  They all looked about, and there within the
shadow of the doorway they saw the Two Watchers.
  They were terrible figures standing on either side of the path, filled
with hidden menace.  Each of their faces had a terrible, vulture-like
beak, and their outstretched clawlike hands seemed to tear up at the
very sky, while their feet ended in grasping talons.  The things
seemed to be carved out of huge blocks of pale white stone, but where
each of the them seemed to hold in its left foot the body of a
suffering enemy the talons were painted red as freshly spilled blood. 
Red as blood, too, was a single claw on the right hand of each beast,
as if they had plunged their razor sharp thumbs into their foes in
some dark ritual of torture, and those claws were held just beyond the
Watchers' noses while their forked outstretched tongues stretched to
catch the dripping blood.  The lethal right foot of each monster
stretched its talons toward the open door as if to ward off all who
dared approach their domain, and the few lights from outside glinted
off of crowns set of their brows that appeared to be made of the
gilded bones of human fingers.  For all that they were made of stone,
the monsters seemed aware: some dreadful spirit of evil vigilance
stared out through their cruel eyes, which were fixed with fearsome
intensity upon their bloody claws.  As if to show that they cared
nothing for their own pain, each creature was piercing its own left
thumb with the smallest, needle-sharp claw of its opposing hand, and
slashes along their chests showed where they had cut themselves for
the sheer joy that they found in agony.  The Watchers' dark stony
capes seemed to meld into the walls, so that to enter the hallway at
all seemed to place one within that awful embrace, giving up without
hope to their devouring hatred of all living things.
  Frodo and Sam stared at the monstrous guardians of the passage with
horror, and even Maglor seemed taken aback by their foul visage and by
the strange barrier that had prevented Sam from penetrating beyond
them into the corridor.  At that moment, they heard Spiegel cry out
from beyond the statue on the left.
  "Aha!  Here's the latch!" she said, and she reappeared as she pulled
open the sliding glass door that Sam had struck like an unwary bird. 
Looking back at them, she called out, "You guys coming?"

  They all moved forward to pass through the door, when to their horror
they found that something was waiting for them on the other side:
standing before them was a short, geriatric fellow with big eyes, a
complexion lighter than the pale Watchers', and a half eaten cave fish
in his hand.  "Ach, thanks, <i>saddam</i>.  We couldn't find tricksy
handles in the dark, no, <i>saddam</i>.  Gulible will be on his way... say,
now, <i>saddam</i>, what a tasty little dish she is, yes, and just my size. 
Not nassty Elvish wench, no, <i>saddam</i>."  Having finally noticed the
attractive form of his liberator, Gulible began to paw at Spiegel and
fluff her hair.  Finally, he wrapped her in a great hug, and held
tightly while she began to squirm with discomfort, not knowing what
would make the creature stop invading her personal space.
  Frodo and Sam stared at Spiegel and Gulible in complete confusion,
trying to sort out who was who.  Finally, Sam could take it no more. 
"Here, now, leave Spiegel alone," he said, and pulled her free of
Gulible's embrace.  "Who are you, anyway?"
  "You knows who we is, yess, <i>saddam</i>.  Set nasty trips and traps
for us, they did, as we takes little sightseeing vacation along river. 
Never lets us get close enough to see pretty Elf-maidens bathing, no. 
And when we finally gets a chance to talk to false tricksy Elf
strumpet again, does she say, 'Sorry, Gulible'?  No, she just says,
'Get Orcs'.  Well, we may be slow, <i>saddam</i>, but we knows when enough
is enough.  We says, 'No more Elfses', and comes here to get fisssh. 
But now we sees pretty hobbit lass, yesss, and maybe hobbit girls
aren't so tricksy, <i>saddam</i>."  Sam pushed him away before he could
begin to fluff Spiegel's hair again.
  Spiegel pulled away from Gulible's reaching hands, but it was clear
that she was flattered.  "We've got the same nickname, huh?"
  Frodo now turned to Spiegel, demanding, "But then who are <i>you</i>?"
  "I'm Spiegel, same as I've always been.  What do you mean, 'who are
you'?"
  "Then, you didn't bear my burden?  You aren't tied to me by a bond of
fate and foreshadowing stretching across hundreds of years?  Are you
telling me that we've been traveling with some random stranger we me
along the way, someone without any hidden identity that will later
prove useful or a deep symbolic reflection of my own potential doom?"
  "'Fraid so," replied Spiegel.  "What kind of fairy-tale world do
you think we live in, anyway?"
  Sam couldn't bear the host of contradictions that seemed to be
springing up in every direction.  "But what about the Ring, your
Precious?  You told us all about that, and you even asked master to
give it back!"
  "My Precious!" cried Gulible.  "Yes, yesss, that's what we needs!  If
the Baggins gives back the Precious, she won't shy away, <i>saddam</i>. 
Give it back, give it back to us!"  He ran over and began to paw at
Frodo's chest, until Frodo aimed a kick at him and Gulible backed
away.
  "He's got <i>your</i> Precious, too?" Spiegel asked Gulible with growing
ire.  Turning back to Frodo, she went on, "And what about that old
ring?  I told you, it didn't fit, so I threw it out."
  Frodo felt dizzy, and leaned back against the nearest of the Two
Watchers.  Its cold stone surface pressed against his back.  "Just
what <i>is</i> your Precious, Spiegel?" he asked.
  "You know perfectly well what it is, you jerk.  The pretty little
dress that my aunt May gave me, and that <i>you</i> took away just because
my dad was a bit late with a payment to old Sharkey."
  "So when you muttered '<i>saddam</i>'..."
  "Sorry, I couldn't quite understand you there," said Spiegel, looking
genuinely confused.  "It sounds like you've got something caught in
your throat."  Frodo slouched in defeat.
  "I hate to interrupt," said Maglor, entering the conversation for the
first time, "but if we want to get through to Durthang House before
the students start stirring about in the morning we should really get
going."  The whole group shrugged, and the five of them marched
together into the hallway.

  The tunnel seemed to have no end.  All they knew was that it was going
uphill pretty steadily and keeping in the same direction in spite of a
twist and a turn or two.  There were hallways leading off to the side
every now and then, as they knew by the glimmer of peepholes in the
doors and by the sounds of distant late-night student parties.  Maglor
seemed sure of his way, so the hobbits took little notice of these
side passages, except to hurry past for fear that they would have to
explain themselves to one of the few campus security orcs who
periodically got up enough energy to wander through the halls.  On and
on they went, and up and up; and still they heard no sound of anything
except the occasional second-rate strumming of would-be musicians or
their popular idols.  Maglor seemed dismayed by this at first, till it
became too frequent to bother about.  Sam could not tell how long they
kept on like that, quickly walking on, on, on until they were more
than weary.
  Suddenly without any warning they heard a "meow" from just a few yards
in front of them, and a small kitten came around a corner and sat down
in their path.  The group stopped, and they all held their breath with
apprehension, when they heard a voice from down the adjoining hallway. 
It called out, "What have you found, Shiro?"
  Around the corner came a young man wearing jeans and a rumpled T-
shirt.  As soon as he saw Maglor and the hobbits, he gave an evil
laugh.  "I haven't seen that many shocked and frightened faces since
Nickerson gave that pop quiz last fall.  Trespassing, I guess: you
certainly don't look like students."  As Maglor reached for his blade,
the student reached into his own pocket and pulled out a whistle. 
"I'll make you a deal," he went on.  "If you follow me back to my room
and do as I say, I won't blow this emergency whistle."  Seeing that
they had no choice, the company obeyed.
  After a short walk, they were ushered into a small but brightly lit
dorm room.  The first thing that hit Sam's senses was the smell: at
least a dozen litter boxes were scattered about the floor, and all of
them seemed desperately in need of attention.  Cats lounged all over
the room, some of them cute and harmless like Shiro but others nasty
and brutish as they come.  As Sam took in his new surroundings, their
captor locked the door behind them.
  "Welcome to the humble abode of Tevildo Nobunaga," he said.  "I'm
going to sleep, but <i>your</i> night is just beginning.  If you don't want
me to turn you over to the orcs, you'll have to clean out those litter
boxes completely before I wake up, and be quiet about it!  Just to
make sure you don't try to sneak out during the night, I'm going to
have Miaowara Tomokato here guard the door."  At those words, a large
and graceful cat crossed the room and sat blocking the door, but
despite its relaxed appearance Sam could tell that it was a highly
trained fighter: it would be impossible to slip by without a fight. 
  Tevildo climbed into his bed and was soon breathing deeply as he
slept.  Meanwhile, Maglor and the hobbits began the loathsome task
that they had been set.  The work went slowly, and by the time an hour
had passed they had only finished cleaning the fourth box.  The cat
guarding the door had fallen into a doze as well, but the twitching of
his whiskers showed that he slept lightly.
  This was enough for Maglor, however.  He motioned the others to draw
close, and shared his plan.  "I have with me an ancient Elvish salve
that carries a potent enchantment of sleep and forgetfulness.  It
takes no more than a touch for it to take effect, so as soon as the
guard is asleep we must flee immediately, before any of the other cats
recognize what we're doing and alert their master."
  With that, he crept toward Miaowara and drew a small box of Elvish
wood out of his robes.  As he removed the lid, Sam glimpsed a 'G' rune
etched in its top, and a terrible fear sprang into his mind.  In a
desperate whisper Sam warned, "Don't put mustard on the cat!"
  Tevildo groaned and rolled over in his sleep.  Maglor, who had paused
and half turned at the sound of Sam's whisper, snapped around to look
at their captor, and in that motion a large dollop of fine Elvish
mustard fell from the box and landed with a <i>splat</i> on the head of
Miaowara Tomokato.
  With a burst of sudden fury, the warrior cat was awake and lashing out
at Maglor with all his strength.  Before the Elf could even draw his
sword, Tomokato had slashed into both of his legs with razor sharp
claws while giving a loud meowing battle scream.  As Maglor leapt back
to defend himself, Tevildo sat straight up in bed and gave a great
blow on his whistle, summoning campus security.
  Swift escape was now their only hope, and Frodo was able to lead the
hobbits around the battle to the door.  As Maglor and the warrior cat
circled each other, trading feints and testing thrusts in search of
weakness, Spiegel managed to open the lock and throw open the door. 
The distant stomp of running orcs could be heard down the hall.  The
hobbits desperately waited for Maglor to break free of his battle so
they could flee.  Precious moments passed, and the orcs' approach
became ever louder.
  Suddenly, Tevildo's eyes widened as he stared past the combat to the
open door.  "The dorm no-pet policy!" he gasped.  "Out!  Out, all of
you, this instant!  Miaowara, fall back!"  Before they knew what was
happening, Maglor and the hobbits found themselves shoved out into the
hallway as the door slammed shut and locked behind them.  Tevildo's
light went out, and the only sounds to be heard were the grunts of the
security orcs just around the corner.
  Gulible was the first to turn and run, and the rest followed close on
his heels.  However clumsy he might have been on the riverside, he
proved to have some skill in evasion, for soon the noise of the
pursuing orcs grew distant and finally vanished.  Once they were
convinced that they had outrun their hunters, the companions stopped
in a dark hallway to catch their breath and plan their next move.
  Still gasping, Sam panted, "Must have... switched... boxes... when
you... fell."  Maglor nodded, and sat down to tend to his injured
legs.  After a few minutes, Frodo began to take control of the
situation. 
  "Good work, Gulible," said Frodo.  "Now, do you know the way to get
back out?"
  "Ach, no, <i>saddam</i>," he replied.  "Gulible thinks only of escaping
from nasty cruel orcses, not about which twistings and turnings he
takes, <i>saddam</i>."
  Frodo turned to their earlier guide.  "Maglor?  Do you know this
place?"
  "No, I have no memory of it at all," Maglor answered.  "It must be one
of the new dorms that have been 'under construction' since even before
I taught here.  I'm afraid that means that we are closer to the way we
entered than to Durthang House, but at least we can hope that there is
an exit nearby that we can reach before day traps us inside."
  Sam was staring at the walls in the all but nonexistent light.  "Look
here, master," he said, grimacing at how easily the term came to his
lips: that would have to change.  "It almost looks like there might be
a map on this side.  Too bad there aren't emergency lights here, or
some other light for when all other lights go out."
  "That's it!" cried Frodo.  "The Lady's stone!"  He quickly pulled out
Galadriel's gift, but it lay dark and lifeless in his hand.
  "Wasn't there something you were supposed to say, sir?" suggested Sam. 
"Some name or other?  Something about lumber?"
  Frodo held up the stone, and said, "All the saws here!"  As it had
before, it glowed brightly in his hand, and the light it made revealed
what was indeed a map, showing an exit barely over a mile away.  It
also revealed an overpowering rage in the face of Maglor.
  "Mine!  That light is mine!" he yelled.  Quick as lightning, his
sword was out of its scabbard and he leapt up screaming and slashing
toward Frodo and the other hobbits.  They fled down the hall toward
the exit, as they heard the crazed refrain spring up behind them:

<i>   Die die-die!  Die die-die die die die-die,
   Die die-die!  Die die-die die die die die 
   Die-die-die-die die! ...</i>

  And on it went, repeating again and again as they ran for their lives
before the berserk madman.  They would have been caught and slain long
since, except that Maglor's longer legs had just been injured in
battle.  Even so, his greater size and strength began to tell, and Sam
began to lose hope.  Spiegel was still regaining muscle, after all,
and all this running was taking its toll: she was already gasping for
breath and struggling to go on.  Sam prepared himself to turn and die
fighting as a good revolutionary should.
  Just at that moment, another Elf sprang out of a side passage and
floored Maglor with a right cross to the jaw.  "Gotcha again, you
second-rate quitter!" the newcomer sneered.  At the end of their
strength anyway, the hobbits slumped to a stop and turned to watch.
  "Daeron!" exclaimed Maglor.  "How nice of you to drop by, what with
your busy solo career and all."  The two Elves eyed each other warily.
  "It didn't <i>have</i> to be a solo career, but you just had to be a movie
star, didn't you?" Daeron parried.  "Not that I'm interested in
working with the guy who slew so many nephews and cousins of mine in
Doriath."
  "You weren't even <i>there</i>, so what do you know?" countered Maglor. 
"You'd already run off lonely and sobbing years and years earlier,
just because you'd let some dirty <i>Man</i> take away your Lustianne. 
What were you doing all that time that was so much more important than
defending your homeland?"
  "You bastard!" yelled Daeron, and soon the two were boxing back and
forth across the hall.
  Frodo motioned that it was time for the hobbits to make good their
escape, and Sam and the others followed toward the exit.  Just as they
jogged out of view, they heard Maglor scream out to them from the
distance, "Know this, Frodo!  I will pursue you with vengeance and
hatred to the ends of the World so long as you shall keep from me that
stone that bears the light bound by my fath--", at which moment a
particularly loud <i>thump</i> cut his oath short.  With that, the hobbits
burst forth from the exit and found themselves at the edge of a fair
country of climbing woods and swift-falling streams, less than an hour
before the coming of a new day.


In the delightful new country in which they found themselves, the hobbits
thanked Eru, the Valar, and the renowned Elven-singer Daeron (of Daeron and
Glorfinkel fame) that they had escaped the wrath of Maglor the Possessive.
They used the few moments before the break of dawn to get away as far as
possible from the evil place. When daylight became too revealing, they found
a hole in which to hide themselves. As their breathing became less uneasy
Frodo turned to Sam and asked, "Well, Sam, what do you think of the Elves
<i>now</i>?" in a sarcastic manner which forced Sam once again to control his Fist
of Death. "I recall you were already sick of them when we were in Lorien."
    "Aye, that I was," said Sam.  "But now I'd gae further an' say they're a
bunch o' greedy, selfish, grasping feudal anachronisms."
    "Bolsheviks, I call them," said Frodo disgustedly.  Sam just smiled
enigmatically.
    Suddenly Frodo remembered the Stone of Galadriel, and the strange effect
it had had on Maglor. He took the stone out of his pocket and looked at it
as it shined on the morning sun, as if a living flame dwelled within it.
    "Could it be that this is indeed one of the <i>Slipcasts</i>, which were
thought to be lost Ages ago?", he said wondering.
    "No, no! That is not what the grazy music-teacher said to us," argued
Spiegel. "He only spoke of the Light inside it, that the light belonged to
his father, or something. Besides he's soo graazy! No. Give it to us! Give
it to Spiegel. Come on! You still owe me for that dress!"
    "Hey now! I got that dress fair and square," answered Frodo angrily.
"Besides it wouldn't fit you anyway, you fat slob!"
    Spiegel flinched as if she had been hit in the face, and turned away
with tears in her eyes. Frodo stood above her breathing heavily. Suddenly
he felt as if a cloud had passed away from his eyes. "What did I say? Oh
Spiegel, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to say that. It was the Ring, I tell you.
The Ring!"
    Sam looked at him and the stone he was holding. Suddenly he remembered
Frodo, as he had been in the Barrows, a small and insecure, confused little
Hobbit. Borish-bourgeois yes, but that was understandable considering his
background. But not this monster he had become.
    "Maybe not," he said. "Maybe it has not been the Ring, but that accursed
stone all along, that has been twisting your mind. You saw what it did to
Maglor. Think about it! All the evil things - the Boromir incident, all that
changing of sexual preferences - have happened <i>after</i> Galadriel gave you
that stone."
    "But why would the benevolent Galadriel have done such a thing?" Frodo
asked. "Or are you suggesting that Galadriel has some kind of evil twin
sister, and <i>she</i> gave me that stone while the real Gladdy was hidden is
some dark dungeon?"
    "I don't know," said Sam. "But I do know that we need somebody learned
to help us with this mystery. Somebody who has knowledge and wisdom.
Somebody with good heart and sharp brains. Somebody noble, yet friendly,
somebody with special - something..."
    "All right, all right. Just don't start singing no matter what you do,"
said Spiegel nervously.

    Deciding to set their jewellery problems aside for a while, Frodo gazed
at the lovely countryside, and Sam listened in delight as the birds warbled
the sweet notes of the Pastoral Symphony.
    "This is the land of the Enemy?" he muttered.  "And by the way, who the
blazes is leading us these days?  Between Spiegel and Gulible, I'm sair
flummoxed, I are."
    "We can both lead, my Precious," wheezed Gulible to Spiegel in a grotesque
attempt at seductive charm. "We goes together like a fissh and fisshbone, we
doess."
    "Um, you can lead," replied Spiegel.  "I'll take up the rear." Having
said this she promptly moved as far away from Gulible as possible.
    They walked by a babbling brook, where the frogs sang the Moonlight
Sonata. Presently Frodo turned to Spiegel and remarked, "I've noticed
something odd about you, Spiegel.  From one cha... moment to the next you
seem to adopt a different style of speech.  Sometimes you talk like Gulible,
sometimes you talk like Yoda, sometimes you talk like the wife of a famous
shire-author, whose name escapes me... Why is this?"
    "In my youth, I used to channel," replied Spiegel. "In those days, I
could control my gift, because of the dress <i>Baggins stole</i>."  Her eyes
glowed with a reddish-purple glow of resentment, before she went on.
    "When he -- it -- you took the dress, I lost the ability to distinguish
ourselves from others, and our identity became confuzzled, my Precious. The
only thing that can save me is pure love, but that I will not find until I
meet a handsome racially stigmatized stranger. If you would know more, cross
my palm with silver."
    "No, thank you, that's enough," said Frodo, scratching his head. (He
thought he heard the strains of "The Blue Anduin Waltz" or something
similar.) "And as for you, Sam," he went on. "Why have you suddenly started
speaking in the Northfarthing dialect again?"
    "I nae longer feel I hae tae deny my heritage. In solidarity with me
oppressed fellow-Northfarthingers, I defy your Hobbitonish linguistic
hegemony," said Sam. Frodo shrugged.
    Suddenly they came across a large sign, bewritten with a mysterious
script called <i>teuncwar</i>.  Fortunately there was a Westron translation, which
read: "Lugburz van Beethoven Memorial Concert Hall and Opera House -- Under
Construction" and in smaller letters, "Morgai Construction Company." This
reminded them again of their peril, which they had nearly forgotten in their
relief at escaping Maglor (or Muhammad Ali, as he was called in the Common
Speech). They might have left the University of Northern Mordor behind, but
they were nonetheless in an ominously cultured land.  Once while scouting
ahead Sam came upon a baritone Orc and a mezzo practising that duet from
Act I of <i>The Balrog of Sevîl</i>.
    "I'm nae gaein' doon there," he said to the others. "Higher up for me."

    Presently, they came to an end of the classical music stuff, and found
themselves in a new, fragrant country -- almost too fragrant.  They had left
behind the creepily harmonious lands of Dor Remi, and had entered Ethelien,
formerly the garden of Gondor™ in the days when the White Weed was in
flower. (Mayami it had been called in the Westron tongue, a name meaning
"Land of the Art Deco".) Or at any rate, it had been the garden of Minas
Tirith™ University, centre of a counterculture opposed to the anti-Sauron
wars.
    The <i>hippîs</i>, as the counterculture types had called themselves, had
wanted for the people of Gondor to gather herbs and narcotics while Sauron
was gathering armies; and face his emissaries with flowers and peace signs,
and offer them hashish. Or so the Gondor historians always said; what the
counterculture types would have said for themselves, no tale tells, for the
Stewards ruthlessly stamped them out, while taking the drug profits unto
themselves. Sauron and his servants had little truck with drugs, and had
crushed the trade.
    But in this region but shortly come under the rule of the Dark Lord,
the scent of a myriad intoxicants still filled the air: opium poppies, coca
plants, various breeds of cannabis, peyote cactuses, qat, heavenly blue,
black lotus, several kinds of mushrooms, and other mind-altering plants.
Suddenly Sam laughed, from intoxicant-induced euphoria not for jest. Then he
frowned, for narcotics were at best a product of bourgeois decadence, and at
worst an evil capitalist corruption that destroyed the communities of the
poor, and with whose ravages he was only too familiar, from the drug-addled
inanities of the Gaffer. From Spiegel's gasping and choking, he guessed that
she too smelled the vapours, and did not relish them.
    "Drugses," she hissed. "Nasty, uncomfortable things! Make you late for
dinner."
    "Morrie would love this," muttered Frodo, who unlike the others rather
enjoyed the temporary relief from his burden - two burdens actually, which
the mind-numbing narcotics provided. He was walking in front with Gulible
now, stopping every now and then to enjoy a specially alluring scent, or to
snack an occasional mushroom.

    They had travelled halfway through Ethelien when the drugs really began to
take hold of them. The day was bright and warm and they had decided to rest
and wait for the dusk, for Gulible would not travel under the Yellow Face,
since it showed up his ugliness and jeeringly rubbed in the fact that he
didn't have a chance in Angband of winning over the lovely Spiegel. So they
had found a deep brown bed of last year's poppies and settled there.
    Frodo passed out almost immediately. The fumes helped him to forget for
a time a certain self-doubt that had been growing on him since the Spiegel
incident. He had had relatively few misgivings about his way of life up to
now.  It had seemed right to him that, as a wealthier member of society, he
should do what he liked and let the less fortunate go hang themselves.
Poverty was probably good for them, anyway.  Builds character, and all that.
Besides, Cassiopeia Took looked really good in that dress (though she looked
better with no dress at all ... wogah ... wogah ...) But his treatment of
Spiegel had awakened him to the true turpitude of his nature, and he was
filled with shame and self-loathing. It was true, the Phial might had been
responsible for the worst outrages -- but had it not, in truth, brought out
and exaggerated an evil which had long lay just beneath the surface? Oh, to
forget, to sleep a profound, dreamless sleep without pain or regret! Frodo
inhaled deeply. Ever since their departure from Lorien, he had secretly
longed to rediscover the Nirvana he had experienced there, and now that he
had found it, it was gonna take something remarkable to get him out of
there!
    Gulible was lying cowered away from the others, but the strange and
insidious fumes that surrounded their resting-place were having an effect on
him too; the fragrance of the poppies was confounding his brain, so that he
could see nought but the image of Spiegel in various provocative postures.
How could he win over - if not her heart, at least her body? Suddenly he had
an epiphany; so crystal clear that it almost blinded him. Dames didn't care
about a guy's looks, as long as he was polite and considerate towards
them! With this drug-addled insane idea in his head, he sprang up and ran
away, returning soon with arms full of flowers.
    "I picked you some bosies, Ms Spiegel," he explained, handing the flowers
towards the surprised hobbit-lass.
    "Why, thank you Gulible," said Spiegel, obviously pleased. She wasn't
feeling quite herself either, and the kind gesture of the old philanderer
almost brought tears to her eyes. It seemed to Gulible that his plan was
working perfectly.
    "Well, aren't you gonna eat them?" he asked. "Look! They're full of fresh,
juicy maggotses..."
    <i>Ok, that didn't work</i>, thought Gulible, running to the woods again. <i>Maybe
if I could find some frogses, eels, crickets or - Wait! Now we know what she
would like, yesss...</i>

    Sometimes later Sam woke up from an intoxicated sleep, in which he had
dreamed of his beloved Rose. Red Rosie, Revolutionary Rosie, the Rose of the
People, Rose of Solidarity. <i>La Rosa Internationale</i> was her name in Rohan,
<i>Róza Luxemburg</i> in the East; to the West she went not.
    But oh, how they had marched together in the Mayday parade, and how hot
she had been later, while attacking the revisionist wing in the party
central-committee meeting... But what was this? There was his beloved Rose
lying right next to him! How did she get here all of a sudden?
    Sam was trying to work out this problem, when another thought popped into
his delusional brains. "How thin and drawn she looks," he muttered. His
Rosie had always been a sturdy lass, with broad shoulders and strong hips, a
model of a working-class heroine if anyone. "The journey has taken a lot oot
o' her it seems, and that's a fact."
    Spiegel didn't wake up when Sam touched gently her cheek. "Sleep, my dear.
Sleep," he muttered. "I will get ye something to eat, if it's the last thing
I ever do." Then he noticed something lying in the ground, next to the
sleeping hobbit. Something that looked exactly like two skinned rabbits.
<i>What a stroke of luck!</i> thought Sam. <i>A gift from Gulible, no doubt. Well,
I shall put it in good use...</i> He discovered an abandoned Isildur-helmet
lying nearby, and using that as a pot, Sam begun to cook one of his
specialities; stewed rabbit with herbs and mushrooms.
    The Shire was not exactly known for its haute cuisine; for the hobbit's
idea of the gastronomic <i>beau idéal</i> emphasised quantity (mostly of meat and
potatoes, cooked to be as mushy as possible) over quality.  But Sam was
accounted a relatively good cook, for a hobbit; although cooking a meal in
the absence of his beloved pots -- which he had dumped in the Dead Marshes,
where the alligators had seized them for their orchestra -- was clearly
going to be a tall order. Soon, however, the rabbits cut up lay simmering in
the helmet-pot. Still, something was missing though. Conveniently Gulible
was wandering about aimlessly, muttering something about being abducted by
space aliens.
    "Hi, there, old snuffler!" said Sam. "Your new motto's <i>Always ready to
help</i>..."
    "First we've heard of it, <i>saddam</i>," muttered Gulible.
    "Shut yer mouth and bring me some herbs and mushrooms, or shall I present
the Fist of Death on thee! And onyway, dinnae ye want to help me get food
for the lady?"
    "Have mercy!" shrieked Gulible. "We'll do anything! Get yummy food for
Spiegel. Don Giovanni swears it on the Precious!"
    <i>Spiegel?</i> puzzled Sam momentarily, before figuring that it was probably
just another of Revolutionary Rosie's names, and returned to his pot/helmet.
Soon Gulible came back with ingredients. Only now did he get close enough to
see what Sam was up to. With a thin hissing shriek he dropped his burden
and gripped Sam by the sleeve.
    "Ach! Nein - halt - raus!" he cried. "No! Evil hobbit! Steals the yummies
Gulible brought for Spiegel. <i>Saddam</i>! Don Giovanni captured two lab-rats
for Spiegel - one was a genius the other insane. Spiegel likes rats so much
she faints, and now hobbit tries to take the credit. Don Giovanni won't let
treacherous hobbit steal our wogah! We'll get even, precious. We have new
friends now, good friends and very strong."
    With these enigmatic words he sauntered off. Suddenly Sam felt like the
world was rolling around in his eyes as he returned to his senses. Rosie was
gone and so were the rabbits, and he realised that he was boiling two
rodents on a hat which had funny round ears. His head was humming and
suddenly he collapsed to the ground and lay like a dead thing. The narcotic
fumes of Ethelien had defeated him.

    Through the mists of his drugged sleep, Sam could see the figures of four
tall men surrounding them. He could hear their voices, but he was unable to
move or speak, or wipe the grin off his face, for that matter.
    "We have found what we have found," said one men. "But what have we
found?"
    "Not Orcs," said another one. "Unless UNM has lowered their standards
remarkably."
    "Elves perhaps?" said the third man, dumbfully.
    "Nay! Not Elves," said the fourth, tallest and also the one with thickest
hair - thereby probably the chief among them. "Elves have their own dope and
need no mannish stuff to get high, or so it is said. No, these three are
Hobbits or Pediannath from the north, also known as halflings, halfwits,
potheads, that in Rohirric are called <i>les Américains</i>, and in Dwarvish
<i>damâb</i> (singular <i>dumb</i>),  or to those who speak High Language: <i>Ylen
Sankia Priha</i>. They are the result of a fascinating genetic experiment
undertaken by Miniwethil the mouse-eared, which explains their rodent-like
features and intellect. I wonder whether they have retained any traditions
concerning the Flying Mûmaks of Dumbar, which I am trying to collect for my
annotated version of the 'Dumbarcalevala' or <i>The Adventures of Väinö - the
Baad Mother...</i>"
    ("Shut your mouth!" muttered one of the men.)
    "They say Mini mated with one of the Corsairs of Dumbar, so some of
their traditions could easily have passed into hobbit-lore. Fascinating,
absolutely fascinating. The text, of course, inheres within the
diegetico-enacting praxis... But further discussion of this problem will
have to wait. In the meantime, let us carry these three dopeheads away from
here to sober up!"
    At the tall man's command, the three others picked the hobbits up and
carried them away from the opiatic fumes, to the banks of a small stream,
and poured cold water on their heads. As Sam returned to his senses, he
could see that their captors were indeed Men, even though they were wearing
green tights. They had masks on their faces to protect them from the
dangerous fumes. All were armed, except the leader, who had instead a large
magnifying glass, with which he was examining Frodo's fingers, mumbling
something like: "Mmmm, interesting..."
    "Hey! Who are you and what are you doing with that?" cried Frodo,
suddenly alarmed.
    The tall fluffy-haired man laughed grimly. "I am Dr. Faramir, the
Scientist of Gondor™," he said. "And what I do, I do to preserve the
might and majesty of Ye ole Gondor™, and to promote the development of
science and arts of Humanism. <i>Gaudeamus Igitur</i>, and all that stuff. Or as
the Philosopher-King Earwag said: <i>With each thing, ask what is its nature,
its being</i>... Although, of course, there have been many philosophical
debates about what 'being' is. <i>Dasein</i> and <i>Vorhandenheit</i>, <i>ens</i> and
<i>esse</i>, but if I go on much longer, a lot of me will have to go in the
appendices. Personally, I find Sauron's theory of the erotics of being
fascinating, but fundamentally unsound.  What do you think?"
    Frodo muttered something barely audible, but Dr. Faramir blithely
continued his disquisition. "<i>Quid-pro-quo</i>. I don't have to ask your name,
Mr. Frodo Baggins of the Bilbohîni, since I already know about you and
the... <i>thing</i> you are burdened with, but I have many other questions."
    "You know about his foot-fungus!?" cried Spiegel.
    "You know about the One Ring of Power, which the Council of Rivendell
entrusted to me, and which Boromir™ tried to steal so that I had to
sta... escape from him and the Fellowship, which included Aragorn the Heir
of Isildur, the wannabe-King of both Gondor™ and Arnor® and the wielder
of the Broken Sword, which is now reforged and coming to Minas® Tirith™
as we speak!?" cried Frodo.
    "Yes," replied Faramir. "I know about the foot-fungus, since it was a
cover-story of last September's <i>Shire Medical Journal</i>, with some very
elaborating pictures, provided by S. Gamgee." Dr. Faramir said nothing about
Frodo's reference to Boromir™, although his face had taken on a strange
expression when Frodo had uttered that name, and instead continued:
    "But I must admit that I had forgotten all about the Ring of Rings, after
I had my last article concerning it published. I never thought I would get
to examine it any closer. A pretty stroke of fortune! A chance for Faramir
to win this year's Morbel Prize for Science. Ha!" He stood up and seemed to
grow larger above them as usual in these cases, and the magnifying glass in
his hand trembled with excitement. He began to sing: <i>Some day my grant will
come...</i>
    Hobbits looked at him with astonishment. "You and your big mouth, Sam!"
cried Frodo. "<i>Stupid is as stupid does</i>, Mom used to say and she was right.
Another fine mess you have gotten us into!"
    "<i>What</i>?" cried Sam in outrage. "It was you who blabbered the whole thing
up, not me! Oh, old Gaffer used to say to me <i>Whatever goes wrong, the Rich
will always try to pin it on the proletarians</i>, and right enough too!
    "Now look here, Doctor-sir!" he said, turning to Faramir. "Dinnae you go
punishing servants because their master is but a fool. Slice him up if you
have to, but let us go, u-heer!"
    Suddenly Dr. Faramir seemed to regain control of himself  and began to
laugh quietly. "Don't worry Sam. None of you has anything to fear from me.
Science may be my passion, but I still have my ethics - although I do
experiments with lab-rats, and to pay for my studies I sell drugs in
co-operation with a vile gangster known as the 'Voice', but that's another
thing entirely."
    "You sell drugs!" cried both Sam and Spiegel in unison.
    "Only to Orcs and other such worthless creatures, I assure you,"
answered Dr. Faramir. "Demoralisation of the Enemy has always been a part
of the Gondorian Defence Strategy™."
    "But this is all wrong!" cried Spiegel, horrified. "We can't try to
demoralize the Orcs.  Shouldn't we get to know them and try to be friends
with them instead? There is still good in them, I have felt it! Besides,
they're sooo sexy! One as learned as you should know better. How can you
justify this?"
    Dr. Faramir gave them a somewhat pained look, before answering: "There
are other reasons too. As I said, the funding of all science has faced some
serious budget-cuts, and when the 'Voice' came to me with a plan which would
also provide quite remarkable profits to my university, I really had no
choice but to accept. It's a bad business, and one unworthy of my rank, but
as Aruman pointed out in <i>The Ethics of Necessity</i>: 'When faced with an
absence of choice, choice becomes non-choice.'"
    "Who is this 'Voice' that you speak of?" asked Frodo, who thought his
servants were getting a bit too impudent, while criticising the doings of
the upper classes.
    "He will not tell us his name, nor permit it to be spelt or spoken,"
said Dr. Faramir. "But his singing fills us all with dread. At first I
thought he was another friend of sciences, but lately I've begun to have
doubts about his motives and purposes..."
    Dr. Faramir looked thoughtfully into the distance. "You have given me
a lot to think of, you strange wanderers from a distant country," he
continued. "This encounter may yet be proven useful for both of us, for I
know much about the Rings effects on psyche, and may be able to help you,
Frodo. But not now. We have business in hand. For your own safety and mine,
I will leave two guards to guard you. You also need these face-masks if you
want to avoid another hallucinatory episode. We will talk more when I
return. <i>If</i> I return, that is - but I feel that I know now what I must do."
    "Break a leg!" wished Sam and waved his hand.

    The Hobbits sat down again, and watched the two men on guard settling
close by. Speaking in pig-latin they discussed briefly what had become
of Gulible, but found no answer to that. After a while Sam spoke to the
guards, wanting to find out if they could be recruited to the cause of
Revolution; but they were slow and intellectually beyond such great visions.
They named themselves Blacklung and Ramrod, members of Gondor™'s National
Guard, and this crud was <i>not</i> what they had enlisted for.
    "We don't usually come this far on the East-side," said Blacklung.
"Business has been slow ever since the Enemy took control of the bridgehead
in Disgiliath, and brought his accursed customs officials there. Today's
transaction is the biggest one the 'Voice' has managed to set up since then,
but to make that happen we had to let some Southrons from South Central to
get in on the deal. Curse them!"
    "Yeah, curse the Southrons!" said Ramrod. "'Tis said that in days of yore
there were dealings with Harad, who provided labor for our sweatshops; but
there was never friendship. And now the drug-lords of South Central are
trying to get a piece of the action from <i>our</i> dealings to Mordor and eat
away our profits. Alas! Such are these days that a white man can't even sell
his own dope from his own backyard, without the help of some racially
inferior people. If only the King would return..."
    "Aye!" said Blacklung. "But I wonder what the Doc is planning to do. He
looked like he had something in mind, I think. It sometimes seems he doesn't
have the <i>kohones</i> for this business, it sure does. But if he tries to
double-cross the 'Voice', there will be Udun to pay for us all."
    After this there silence for a while, apart from the Ramrod's boombox;
and the hobbits, finding the men's company incredibly boring, dozed off a
bit, before they were suddenly awakened by a sound like one of Gandalf's
fireworks gone wrong. They heard yells of "Duck!" and "Run for cover!" and
"I ain't going back to jail!" A long, cinematic fight scene took place. The
air was full of bullets and loud coprologies. Suddenly a man fell face down
right over the edge of the coca plants that served as their hiding-place. He
wore cut-off jeans and a T-shirt, the back of which was bewritten <i>Sauron
Roolz</i>, and he looked swarthy and racially stigmatized. His brown hand still
held a rusty water-pistol. It was Sam's first sight of war between Men and
Men, and he found it a nasty consequence of the deep structures of
inequality. He was glad he could not see the man's face. He wondered if he
was really evil at heart, or just a victim of societal exploitation or the
product of a broken home, whether the presence of a positive male role-model
would have enabled him to avoid this fate -- all in a flash of thought that
was suddenly driven from his mind, when a loud noise broke out almost next
to him.
    "Drive-by! Drive-by!" cried Ramrod. "May the Force or Valar or whatever
turn him aside! Khaddy! Khaddy!"
    To his amazement and dread, and everlasting joy, Sam saw an enormous shape
come charging through the hashish groves. As big as a house, much bigger
than a house he seemed to Sam's astonished eyes, and noxious fumes gushed
forth from the hind portions of his anatomy. Fear and amazement, perhaps,
made him appear larger to Sam than he really was; but the Khadillak of South
Central was indeed a car of great bulk, and such of his descendants as live
on in these latter days are but a shadow of his girth and majesty. It is
possible that the effects of the dope had not yet worn off, or perhaps
bedazzlement had confounded Sam's vision; but he could have sworn that the
monster's feet looked a lot like wheels. But he had little time to get a
closer look, for in the driver's seat a man, who looked strangely familiar,
was bombarding the countryside with an AK-forty seven. Sam hit the dirt as the
bullets ricocheted all around him; and within a moment the great beast was
lost to view, still trumpeting his horns far away.
    Sam gave a deep breath. "It was an Oliphaunt," he said. "So Oliphaunts
exist, and I have seen one.  What a life! But no one at home will believe
me, until the Revolution raises their consciousness.  Well, now I'm going to
try to sleep off the effect of those cursed poppies. Don't wake me up!"
    Blacklung laughed sarcastically. "Don't you halfwits ever do anything but
sleep?"
    "Not really," muttered Frodo, waking up for a split-second before
collapsing.


It seemed to Frodo that he had slept while long years
were measured by the wheeling stars above them - but in truth
only a few hours passed before Dr. Faramir came back.
In record time he had gathered many men who had come with
him; indeed the entire scientific establishment -- scientists,
professors and student body -- of all the universities in
Eastern Gondor™ had seemed to gather for the occasion.
They sat on the hill and grasses, in a huge amphitheatre
while Dr. Faramir was pointing with a ruler at the standing
figures of Sam and Spiegel. It looked strangely like a
classroom's show-and-tell: and Frodo wondered why he was
let aside.
     It soon became obvious that the students were not
satisfied with Dr. Faramir's account of the hobbits at
several points: their migratory patterns, their reproductive
rituals - not to mention their feeding habits and height
averages.
     "But it was at the waking of Isildur's shame that the
midgets would be standing low!" a fellow Professor, Dr
Imrahil, insisted. "If these are the so-called midgets
known as <i>les Américains</i>, then they must be able to
adjust their height, or at least do so since the household
of the round one. Do you deny it?"
     "The Bourgeoisie indeed has a knack for greatly expanding
their width at the workers' expense, and that's a fact. But
not their height," spoke up Sam. <i>We'll have to adjust it
for them,</i> he thought. He had a vision of heads, many heads
rolling, and then all the clouds parted and at his command
the whole of the Shire became a garden of cut-off heads. He
only had to pick up a handy axe...
     But Dr. Imrahil interrupted his daydreaming. "There are
other things I'd like to learn from you, for all that
concern Isildur concern me closely and yet the matter of
<i>Isildur's Shame</i> still remains unresolved. Embarrasing
things Isildur did a-plenty, and knowledge of any one of
them would not be a sign of doom. Whatever was that thing
you brought it before the council and there it was seen
and Isildur's shame proven - is that no so? It is hidden
you say, but is that not a feeble attempt at blackmail?"
     "Well, now that you mention it..." answered Sam, but at
Dr. Faramir's look he quickly changed his answer: "Nay,
it is not ours to reveal. The Shame does not belong to
any mortal, and certainly not me or you; therefore you
have nothing to fear. If it can be claimed by anyone it
is by Aragon, son of Arathon, son of Aradud, son of
Arabarf leader of our Fellowship from Moira onwards.
Your complaints to him."
     "Why him, and not Dr. Faramir, head of the University of
Gondor™ which Isildur's sons founded?"
     "Because Aragon had a Veriseal-approved document -- oh,
you mean the <i>Shame</i>. Because he claims to be descendant
of Elendil, Isildur's son. And he has even had the sword
of Elendil reforged and improved."
     A murmur of scientific dismay ran through all the student
body. "The sword of Elendil reforged and improved! Horror
of horrors! What will comes next? Should we install drainpipes
in the Great Pyramid of Pelargir? Improve the frown of the
Minnie Pizza? What a grievous loss to archaeology."
     But Dr. Faramir interrupted now, and he seemed unmoved.
"Maybe. But the 'reforging' of such a sword could easily
be used as an excuse to remove all evidence of its
authenticity. I suspect a case of fraud -- clear proof
shall be required of this sword's origin should this
Aragon come to Minas Tirith™. We'll have to carbon-date
it before we decide whether we'll hang him for desecration
of one of our nation's artifacts -- or give him the chair
for heir-to-the-throne impersonation. Class dismissed!"
     The students dispersed, and so did all the professors other
than Dr. Faramir who seemed thoughtful. Frodo approached the
group, and Sam stared defiantly at the man. "Well, are you
satisfied, Faramir? I did the best I could." he said in a
hushed voice.
     "Of course you did!" Dr. Faramir said and smiled. "You
are great at deception - of all sorts." He went on with a
sideways glance at Frodo which made Sam very uncomfortable.
"But you could not hide from them the fact that you three
bear a burden other than Frodo's foot-fungus. The misdirection
was necessary, I fear - and the revelation of the Sword will
help cloak your other secrets.
     "But there are other matters I want to learn from you now -
which makes me happy that you have finally woken up, Frodo.
You spoke of Boromir™ a little while ago. Were you a friend
of his?"
     Vividly before Frodo's mind the memory of Boromir™
(handsome rugged looks and all) bending over him with his vile
attentions - or stabbing him with his mighty sword: and for a
moment he hesitated. Dr Faramir's looks hardened. "No," Frodo
sighed, "and more's the pity."
     "Then you wouldn't care at all if you learned that he was
gay?"
     "Indeed I would no--" Frodo said and then his startled
mind caught up with his (somewhat pointy) ears. "Gay?" he said.
"Do you mean that he <i>is</i> gay, and that he never cared to tell
me? How do you know? Did I lose all chance to a potential
relationship? Or are you now trying to trap me with a
falsehood?"
     "I would not snare even an orc-- oh, what the hell, of
course I would, and my colleagues and students also, if it was
for a good cause. But I'm not lying now."
     "But he never mentioned this to me. Why did he not offer
himself to me, not even when I was using my charms all over
Rivendell? Surely there must be a reason?"
     "Or indeed many." said Dr. Faramir, "and ugliness not the
most important."
     Sam had been getting more and more impatient and angry at
this conversation. "Begging your pardon," he said, "but this has
gone on long enough! See here, Doctor! What are you driving
at? Has the Magic Kingdom™ of Gondor™ fallen so low
that it need repeat the same joke over and over again? Noone
cares about their sexual preferences, and that's a fact."
     "Patience!" said Dr. Faramir. "Your wit may be a greater
than that of your master, but you don't need to teach me about
our peril: the death-blow of the lame joke. Were I as hasty as
you I'd have killed you all long ago - and then proceeded to
torch down Minas Mickey and pretty much all the rest of the
Magic Kingdom of Gondor™ as well."
     Sam sat down heavily, and Dr. Faramir turned to Frodo again.
"You asked how I know these things. We kept little hidden from
one another. <i>Similarity in names means kinship</i> 'tis said. And
we two had four letters in common: He was my brother."
     A shadow of sorrow passed over his face and Sam and Spiegel
exchanged looks (though Frodo remained oblivious as ever). "We
observe, Doctor," Sam said, "that with great care you say <i>was</i>
and <i>kept</i>. What about the present tense? Do you think him
dead?"
     "Well, it certainly wasn't a mistake in grammar!" Dr.
Faramir snapped at them, then he turned towards Frodo again. "Do
you remember anything of special mark that Boromir™ carried with
him?"
     Frodo stuttered for a while, wondering how this interrogation
would turn. How he would fare among so many men, (oh my, how many
men!) warlike and strong, he did not know, and it filled him both
with hope and fears of inadequacy. Yet he felt in his heart that
Dr. Faramir at least was a man both less interested in sex and
straight.
     "Boromir™ used to have a horn."
     "Oh, that - yes, he used to drink from it, and its sound was
his weapon of choice. I meant something else."
     "A sword that he filed on rocks? A red shirt with big black
concentric circles and an 'aim here' sign? Hair that turned
from black to blonde depending on the medium?"
     "Yes, yes and yes." said Dr. Faramir, now becoming impatient.
"But, something else..."
     Frodo thought deeper - and suddenly it came to him: the one
thing that was the symbol of the whole of Gondor™; the one
thing which was both sewn into their flags and carved in their
trees.
     "I remember that Boromir™ had a trademark sign."
     "You remember well, and as one who has in truth seen him,"
said Faramir. "Maybe you can see it in your mind. A capital T
followed by a capital M, either elevated in superscript or bound
in parentheses. That trademark does the ruler and heir of the
realm hold for many generations now -- and it said that there's
no fan or satirist which will not quail at its use."
     "But even the mightiest corporation may succumb to an
amateur humorist," said Sam. "and I fear that Boromir™ was
struck down by many. Yet this does not explain how you know of
his death."
     "I sat at night by the solemn waters of Anduin in the grey
dark under the young pale moon, evermoving stream, near the
rustling sad reeds; watching the anthroporphisms in the narrative.
But my mask may have been flawed or the fumes thicker than usual -
for I had a vision: I saw, or it seemed that I saw, a raft
floating on the water.
     "An awe fell on me, for the raft seemed to defy all physical
law in that it should sink like a stone to the bottom of the
river - and yet not only didn't it do that, but there was a man
tied upon it. And then the raft turned towards me, and started to
fall apart within my reach and yet I dared not touch it, lest
my hands contaminate the sample."
     "The man was Boromir™, my brother, and as cranky as a newly
awakened Balrog which hasn't yet drank its morning coffee. I
knew his face, his voice, his stench. One thing only was changed -
for his warhorn was different and all in golden. <i>Boromir!</i> I
cried for we never used trademarks in familiar speech. <i>Why is
thy bronze horn golden? Hast thou discovered the secrets of
alchemy? O Boromir!</i> But he only yelled <i>Untie me, you daydreaming
fool of a brother!</i> and he was gone... The raft moved downwards
the stream and Boromir™ cried <i>Oh, no, not </i>another<i> waterfall</i>
and tumbled into the turbulent waters. And I do not doubt
that if he's still alive, then he'll have to find out a pretty
far-fetched way to explain it."
     "Alas!" lied Frodo, yet his smirk could not be hidden. "That was
indeed Boromir™, as I knew him. Not biblically, mind you. The Golden
Warhorn of Summoning was given to him in Lothlorien by the Lady
Galadriel."
     "So then you passed through the Land of Lorien! Long it has lain
beyond the knowledge of all except the most experienced golf-players -
and yet I suspect it plays a role in the drug operations of the Voice,
or the 'Master' as he desires us to call him. Much that was strange
about him I've slowly began to understand. That guy is NOT an
incarnation of Eru!" he said, yet they perceived not his meaning.
He fell silent for a long while.
     "But the tale is such," Dr. Faramir said again in the end, speaking
again softly. "that it will undoubtedly fill you with grief and fear.
Almost it makes me want to let you go, out of sympathy for your loss.
For unless all in your party were slain or captured, how would Orcs
or servant of the Nameless find the time to tie Boromir™ down for
such torment? I fear that none in your company still live.
     "But even though I don't yet know for sure what happened on the
North Marsh, you, Frodo, I'm certain about. I've not earned a degree
in criminal psychology for nothing! There is something about you,
Frodo, a fairy air, perhaps, not that there's anything wrong about
that. Yet more lies hidden (and you hide more lies) in your words
and in your possessions than I had first thought. I should inject
you with truth serum and have you strip-searched.
     "But we don't have time for that here. We must move hence
without more delay." He sprang to his feet and called for Ramrod
and Blacklung. "We'll be going to a secret place that we have. It's
a beautiful place and well worthy of a visit - even though it has
failed as a commercial venture. In the morning I will decide what
is to be done about you."

     They set out at once: Ramrod and Blacklung ahead, with Frodo,
Sam and Spiegel behind. While they walked, Dr. Faramir talked to them
with an even more hushed voice than earlier.
     "Earlier on I was careless and repeated what in his folly Frodo
revealed - in front of my soldiers to boot! That is the reason I
had you, Sam, turn to the matter of Aragon and Isildur's Sword -
which my soldiers were also bound to have noticed more. Frodo
is way too frank for such a job. Or stupid."
     "Would it help if I say it was all a bunch of lies?" said
Frodo.
     "Hah! I do not blame you for trying to cover up for your
lack of skill and wisdom in a hard matter. Yet few would instantly
recognize the thing that you spoke of - we of the house of
the Stewards (<i>Steuards</i> that was once in the ancient tongue)
have much knowledge and preserve much ancient lore that even in
academic circles it isn't found. For we reckon our line to
Mardil™ the good Steuard who built our first university
once he found the opportunity to send King Eisner away to China.
And he was the last King and had no legitimate child. An
alliance between the universities and the entertainment
industry has governed the city since that day.
     "And this I remember from Boromir™ as a boy when we were
first taught the laws of science and of commerce -- that it always
displeased him that the heads and heirs of the noble houses ought
now to have either a trademark or a Ph.D. 'How many years need
pass for a copyright to expire?' he asked. 'Seventy years after
the author's death or a hundred after publication, for other
places of more reasonable laws. But for the Magic Kingdom™
not even a billion trillion years would suffice.' Does that not
tell you anything?"
     Frodo thought. "About Gondor™'s practices? Yes, indeed. But
Boromir™ accepted Aragon's Veriseal contract."
     "I don't doubt it. He obeyed the laws even when they
displeased him. But the pinch had not yet come: Aragon had not
tried to trademark yet his name or create his own copyright laws.
     "But once again I stray: We in the house of Denethor™ know
much in both scientific and financial matters. Books and tablets,
battery-powered lanterns and swords guaranteed to break immortal
wills, microscopes and nuclear generators. Few understand these
things nowadays - alas for the lowered standards in public education.
It was these things that brought the Dirty Pilgrim to us - and yet
he spoke to us about other lands in the North, so far more advanced
than ours that they even have <i>umbrellas</i>."
     Dr. Faramir sighed and his eyes took a far-away look. "What a
wonder these lands must be! All things must be great there, and
scientists held to a great respect!"
     Sam coughed nervously. "The Dirty Pilgrim?" asked Frodo. "Did he
have a name?"
     "<i>Masterly Wonderful One</i> he wanted us to call him, " said
Dr. Faramir, "or he wouldn't be content. <i>But many are the names
that I have been given, and even more the epithets,</i> he said.
<i>Mesprendeur among the elves, and Wandy-elf in the Eddas; Olorin
in the West in my youth best left forgotten, Mayanus in the South
(which becomes Mayonnaise in the Gnomish dialect), Gandalf in the
North, 'That Crazy Pyromaniac' in the forests--</i>"
     "I think we get the picture." said Frodo.
     "<i>-- 'Your Finger, You Fool' in the lost kingdom of Australia,
and Gandolf as the rustics name me, or 'Panoramix' in the noble
tongue or Olrrn?whthfckdsthtIstrthn^kheis?! to those who can
pronounce somewhat the Valinorean...</i>"
     "Olrn -what?!?"
     "--thfckdsthtIstrth^nkheis?! yes. It's in the Zarfian dialect.
<i>But my real name is constantly growing, for I've lived a very long
time, and my name is a story that would tell you all the things I've
done or are planning to do and that would </i>really<i> inconvenience me.</i>"
     "No doubt I could add to that list." growled Frodo. "<i>Lathspell</i> I
name him, Swindler-and-Crook. But he'll get no chance to hear it.
He was lost in Moira."
     "No! Fathe--uh--teacher!"
     Sam and Spiegel once again exchanged looks. "'Father'?"
     "No!! I never said 'father' and you can't prove I did.
Fatheuhteacher means, umm... <i>Obnoxious one</i> in the forgotten
tongue of the Etruscans. Anyway, are you sure he was so thoroughly
lost that he couldn't find his way back? Perhaps a search party..."
     Frodo chuckled. "Thank Eru, yes. A magic-wielding character who
falls into an abyss in an ambiguous death-scene and no recovered body?
Nope, we are never seeing him again."
     "I see that it's a blessing that he wasn't cut in two," said
Faramir, now in greater control of himself. "This Mesprendeur was, I
now guess, more than a meddler and cow-tipper extra-ordinaire, he was
a loremaster and scientist - and you can hardly get much more of a
praise than that. Had he been among us to consult concerning the
hard words of our dream, he ... well, come to think of it, he would
have probably interpreted it as a nonsensical Freudian delusion
filled with phallic symbolism. Or we'd have quarelled about whether
it's the midget or the standing that's supposed to be low. Aye - it
seems that the journey of Boromir™ was doomed. Mesprendeur knew
hardly anything about Isildur or the events surrounding him: Genetics
was his expertise."
     Now Dr. Faramir's voice sank to a whisper. "But this conclusion I've
reached, or leaped to, or somersaulted to,  and I have postponed it
for an upcoming publication: That there's physical evidence for the
Isildur-Miniwethil-Sauron triangle which so far has only been rumored.
But I had not before thought that <i>Isildur's Shame</i> was that same thing.
For none of the histories - nay, not even the parodies - ever made
that connection. Not even in Dr. Imrahil's blockbusting trilogy <i>Was
Isildur gay?</i>, <i>Was Isildur a transvestite?</i> and <i>Who's this Isildur
person anyway?</i> was that ever implied.
     "What was that Thing I can't yet be certain. Was it an engagement
present from one to the other: a piece of jewelry perhaps?" - he
added with a wry smile at the hobbits. "But other reports speak
of the stain of Doom that this Thing held - the stain which could not
be unmade or washed clean, save only in the Nurnenshire lake, near
the place where it was wrought. And this implies that it was
a piece of clothing. Either way, I can believe that Boromir™
would try to steal such a thing; he was a bit into crossdressing,
be it rings, dresses or horned helmets.
     "But fear no more! I am not such a man - and my dressing habits
are normal. No, no, I'd refuse to wear such thing, even for the sake
of scientific experimentation."
     <i>But for the sake of the Revolution</i>, thought Sam, <i>how many
worse things I've been willing to do. Oh, Revolutionary Rosie, forgive
me.</i>
     "For myself," said Faramir, "I would see the White Weed smoking
again all over the courts of the kings, and the Mousy Ears return,
and Minas Tirith™ a leader in scientific achievement and
entertainment: Minas Mickey again as of old, full of vision and
creativity; beautiful and expensive like a once-in-your-lifetime
experience with wit and real humour - not a jester-for-hire with a
pun or fart joke, nay not even a well-intentioned clown with baggy
trousers and a ready pie to throw."
     Frodo made no answer. Almost he had wielded to a lusty desire
for this man of taste and scientific achievement - but something had
held him back. He was now in a deep mistrust about the Stone of
Galadriel (or was it the Ring - a 'thing of Power' Maglor
said) which might create in him these feelings. It didn't help
that right now he felt himself getting turned on by visions of
clowns throwing custard pies at him.

     So they passed on, until the graphic surroundings grew fewer
and fewer. Then they turned aside again to the right, and came
quickly to an open field, west of a white house with a boarded
front door and a small mailbox in front of it.
     "Here, as was agreed, I shall blindfold the eyes of Frodo.
The others may still walk free."
     This was not to the liking of Frodo. "The agreement was made
without my consent," he said. "I will not walk blindfolded, like a
peasant or a servant. I am not a spy, and if I will not go forward
free then I will go back and sue you all when I come into my
inheritance as Lord of the Nurnenshire estates."
     "Now that you have so far, you can't go back to where you used
to be. You are in a whole new world." said Dr. Faramir sternly.
"And I am either speaking metaphorically or quoting a song.
Possibly both. Anyway, you will NOT come into your inheritance,
not unless you claim it within ten years' time. We could keep you
for longer than that."
     Frodo sprang up (a rather meaningless gesture, since he was
already standing) and tried to set himself side by side with Sam,
something which would have caused more impressive results if Sam
was willing to comply or if there had been a nearby wall to place
his back against. He fumbled for Sting.
     "A plague on males and their pissing contests! We don't care
whose sword is the biggest!" cried out Spiegel.
     "Come!" said Sam. "It is unfair for my poor, poor Master to be
thus singled out. Blindfold us all, and me first. That will be best,
even though surroundings will have to be described verbally," he
said but he winked at Dr. Faramir as he was saying it.
     "So let it be done." answered Dr. Faramir, smiling. "Will you
consent to this, Frodo? Why, I will blindfold even myself and my
soldiers before leading you onwards."
     Frodo reluctantly agreed, and forcing himself not to laugh
Dr. Faramir had Blacklung blindfold Sam, Spiegel, Faramir himself
and then Frodo. Needless to say when that last blindfold was placed,
all the other ones were removed.
     So it was that Frodo knew nothing of that last mile of the road.
They descended through caves, and a maze of twisty little passages,
all alike. Now and again they'd have to backtrack their steps or
even drop objects so as to have reference points in their efforts
not to get lost. In places the passages seemed to have a weird logic
of their own, so that reversing your direction wasn't certain to
return you to your point of origin. It all looked very tedious and
tiring to Sam, even though it filled him with a strange sense of
nostalgia.
     "Let Frodo... uh, I mean <i>us</i> see!" Dr. Faramir said in the
end. Frodo's scarf was removed and he stared around him. They were
standing on a wet floor of polished stone, on which a window was
set, open, one pane laid back.
     "This is the Henneth Annun, the West Under the Window,",
explained Faramir. "One of the most experimental of our places.
Few strangers even know about it. Don't mind the name. It's
<i>intentional</i>."
     They climbed down and at once the found themselves in a room
with a table set for two (two hundred that is), lit by candlelight.
"Well, here is our refuge," said Dr. Faramir. "Not a typical place,
but here at least you may pass the night. Only two reactions there are
ever concerning it: One either loves or hates it. And understanding
is not required for either."

     Dr Faramir bid them rest, then he went about among the men,
questioning each as they came in. Some were coming back from
their SATs, but others had been sent to record the fauna in the lands
bordering with Mordor.
     "Well, Anblorb, did you have a chance to study the specimen you
were seeking in its native environment? Before dissecting it, that
is?"
     "Well, no, Doc," said the young man. "It didn't seem of the orcus
genus at least. But I did see something rather strange. It was
getting dark, so perhaps it was nothing other than a grue or a
Norseman."
     Sam pricked up his ears at this.
     "Yet if it was a grue, it was also horned. It stood man-high and
seemed to walk as if it knew our secret ways. Perhaps under the
shadow of the Unnamed Travesty some of the Norsemen of Holywood
are wandering in our newsgroup. They have horned helmets there,
'tis said."
     "Perhaps," said Dr. Faramir, hesitating briefly. "That could be a
omen of both ill and good. An influx of newbies can be a good thing,
but not everyone would welcome it. What did you do?"
     "I followed standard procedure," said Anblorb, beaming. "Shot
it dead. It screamed and then fell into the waters and flowed away."
Sam gasped then, and Dr. Faramir gave him a swift glance - but Sam
said nothing. He struggled with himself. "Boromir™ may not be all
right," he thought, "and then again he may be. I have a feeling
that he may still have a part to play before all this is over. Dr.
Faramir did tell me that Boromir™'s Gnomish name was 'McCloud'
after all."

     After supper (and before they ate they had all stood silently
for a moment in respect for the One Who Was, and the One Who Is,
and the One Who Will One Day Perhaps Be) Dr. Faramir asked them
many questions about their journey. Much he dwelt on the subject
of Tom Bombadildo, but eventually he returned to the place of
Boromir™ in the fellowship and the role he'd played in with
the Reeps in the wild, with the bureaucracy of Charadhras, in
the mines of Moira.
     "It must have irked Boromir™ to flee from such an obvious
place of both entertainment and commercial profit."
     "He was the last to go," said Frodo, "but the room had become
filled with enflamed posts. If it hadn't been for that, I do not
doubt that both Aragon and Lego-lass would have remained there
debating the subject."
     "Maybe it would have been better if he had perished there,
rather than meet the torment that awaited him in the hands of orcs."
     "Maybe! Which reminds me, how about those Nicks?" said Frodo,
trying to quickly change the subject. "Umm, because the sports of Minas
Tirith™ interest me a lot, that is."
     "How about them? Interest for sports is waning in Minas Tirith™.
The sword of Elendil, if it returns indeed, may briefly rekindle it
perhaps, if its bearer has not only inherited the blade, but also
the will to fight for his life against the lions and tigers of the
arena we'll put him in.
     "Boredom was ever present in the realms that the Atlanteans
founded. Kings used to sat lazily in front of non-existent and
uninvented television sets, or considered a game of scrabble more
interesting than the process of reproduction. And the birth-rates
were declining.
     "But the stewards were wiser and much more liberal in their
beginning. Liberal because they recruited the breeding-stock of the
sturdy folk of the havens, and invited the sexy peoples of the North
over, which being white were considered almost human, unlike the men
of warmer climates. (And thence does Dr. Imrahil derive his
ancestry - the teen pregnancy of an elven exchange-student.)
     "So it came to pass in the days of Cirion™, the Twelfth
Steuard (and my father is the one thousand seventy fifth - don't ask, there were some
periods of very abrupt changes in management) that the Rohirrim men
came over and wooed our womenfolk, while the Rohirrim women tried to
rape our men. And these all became our brothers and sisters-in-law,
and have ever proved true to us, aiding us at need with sexual advice
and better cuisine.
     "And even the most bigoted among us loved them, for their women
were fair and their men were fair, and their speech was likewise
fair, and a great number of the children born to our women were
fair in the following years. And the bigoted among us had no
problem with that.
     "For in such a way did Gondor™ like to divide the human species,
forcing everyone to register as one of nine different 'races' based on
the hue of the skin, with the whitest us on the top. Feh!" Dr. Faramir
spat on the ground. "Scientifically absurd!" he said, and then suddenly
sighed and was quiet.

     Sam was suddenly willing to take whatever information he had
offered to share with them at face value. He had noted that Dr. Faramir
seemed egalitarian-minded, and this had earned his respect and quieted
his suspicion even more than their mutual dislike of Frodo had. He spoke
up. "You haven't told us much yet about the Ring, Doctor."
     "Sam!" cried Frodo aghast. He had fallen asleep yet again, and he
only woke up for these last few words. All three turned towards
him, surprised.
     "What?" he asked. "He <i>knows</i> about the ring. You told him yesterday,
remember?"
     Frodo looked embarrased. "Umm... I had forgotten, actually. Sorry."
     Spiegel rolled her eyes. "Save us! There again you go! <i>You'd forget
your own head if it wasn't screwed on,</i> as my grandma used to say.
O dear, oh dear!"
     Dr. Faramir smiled at Spiegel and then turned back to Sam. "Indeed
not, Master Samwise. I thought to leave it for the next cha-- that is,
for later. And I'd like to know what other people told you about
it. Lady Galadriel, for example! Wise she must be, and perilously
beautiful!"
     Sam shrugged. "Well...I don't know anything about <i>perilous</i>.
She may be her own evil twin sister, but she probably makes her
partners use a condom."

     They spoke for a little while more and then they finally stood up
to go to sleep. "I'll have thinking to do," said Dr. Faramir. "Papers
to grade, and my instruments to set up for tomorrow. Go now to rest,
therefore, but first tell me if you wish where you are planning
to go and <i>what do do you want?</i>" A shadow seemed to pass over
him as he spoke those last few words, but it may have just been
a trick of the candlelight's flickering.
     Spiegel's eyes glowed eerily and for a moment her hair stood
on edge. "You want to know what I want? You want to know the truth?
I want my people to reclaim their rightful place in Middle-Earth.
I want everything to be as they used to be!" she growled, then
she suddenly stood straight and passed her hand over her eyes.
"Oops. Sorry. It seems I was channelling for a moment there. I
don't even <i>know</i> where that stuff came from."
     Sam wanted many things, several of which had to do with the
blissful swing of an axe, but he refrained to speak of this before
so many witnesses.
     And as for Frodo, he suddenly burst into tears. "I just want to
get my estates and title!" he whined in a weak voice. "But that blasted
El Rond forced me to first find Mount Viagra and throw the Ring
into the gulf of Freud. They all said so. Why does no one care to
help me?"
     Dr. Faramir stared at him in grave astonishment, then as Frodo
swayed, he stepped back and let Frodo fall into the muddy floor.
"Throw the ring into Mount Viagra? What an amazingly stupid thing to
do," he thought, and directed servants to pick up Frodo and throw him
into a spare dungeon.
     For Sam and Spiegel better accomodations would be found. "Good
night, Doctor. You are enjoying this, aren't you?" he asked, indicating
the unconscious Frodo being carried away.
     "Am I?"
     "Yes, sir, and I don't blame you."
     Faramir smiled. "Perhaps. Your begin to see with eyes keener than
those of many who would deem themselves wise. My ethics can indeed
get a bit weaker when dealing with the foolish. The desire to do as I
did was overpowering."
     "Ah, well." said Sam. "As I said, I don't blame you. But
something else..." he added and his mouth turned into a strange smile.
"You said my master has a fairy air and that was true even if sounding
vaguely homophobic. But I can say this: You have an air (and a nose,
and eyes actually), that reminds of, of - well, a wizard. Of
Gandalf."
     "No, you are mistaken, it's a trick of a light, it is!" cried
out Faramir. "Have I not earnestly studied the matter? Wizards can't
reproduce. And there's no evidence that Gandalf learned ways to
experiment with genetics in Dol Guldur, none whatsover, none I tell
you! Evil cannot create! Not that Gandalf was evil! Goodnight!"
     He ran away in an uncharacteristic near-panic and Sam was left
with his thoughts. "Well, Doctor seems a decent equal-minded sort and
Gandalf is dead, but there's nothing wrong with gathering a little dirt
on people... Just in case. Perhaps I can from afar discern the
opportunity for blackmail." he mused, pleased with himself.
     The window shattered.

