"I fear we can stay here no longer," said Aragon. Looking at the mountains,
raising high his sword he cried: "Farewell, Gandalf! Why did I not warn 
you: If you pass through Moira, beware!" This produced a suppressed 
snickering and a "yeah right", but silence returned among the partly grief
stricken group when Aragon shot an angry glance in the general direction of
the hobbits. He decided no to vent any more anger and grief at this point as
they were clearly not shared by all.
    The company got up and looked around them. The scenery was as dreary as
could be expected of a ski resort in high season, but still Aragon felt the
need to point out some landmarks. "Over there are the Rimdilstairs. Next to 
those waterfalls is where we should have come down, had fate been kinder to 
us."
    "Or bureacracy and corruption less rampant," added Giggly. "Curse those
greedy bastards, waylaying innocent travelers with outrageous visa
demands!" And he actually looked quite endearing, shaking his cute little
fist, still red from orc blood.
    "Well, enough enjoying the scenery. As I am senior, I will lead you now 
and the next stop is Lorien." Aragon was still annoyed that some in the 
company suspected him of being less than totally sincere in his grieving for
Gandalf, and now wanted to drive the ungrateful scum into the ground by
forced march.
    "Wait up, hoss," said Boromir™. "Who died and made you boss?" For a
second he looked more like a sheep than a thirty seventh generation sheep, coming from
good sheep stock, bred in good sheep country and genetically engineered to
look and feel even more like sheep than your average sheep. He quickly
overcame his embarrasment and said "Well, okay, Gandalf died, but did he make
you boss?"
    "Actually he did," smirked Aragon, "In closed chambers I was
named SiC, in case anything happened to him, like <i>SABOTAGE</i> - " (malicious 
look at the hobbits) " - or a <i>FIFTTH COLUMN</i>" (more looks-that-could-kill).
    "Oh yeah?! Just 'cause you say so doesn't make it so. Got any proof?"
Boromir™ wasn't about to give up now, his foot was so far in his mouth,
it couldn't possibly get any worse.
    Aragon produced a very official looking document, and the reason it looked
so official was that it was indeed official. It stated that should Gandalf
fall in any cracks anywhere, Aragon, son of Arathon, the guy with the broken-
-reforged sword, was to lead the company in his stead. It carried the 
internationally recognised Veriseal, so it must be OK then.
    They followed Aragon down the mountain, some more willing than others.
Boromir™ was clearly not happy, muttering something about "sly motherf..
always an answer to everything," but the rest of the company ignored him.
As they left the East gate of Moira behind them they started encountering
ruins of sorts, and Giggly overcame some of his grief as he thought he 
recognised the surroundings.
    "That must be Durin's Stone," he exclaimed, "I can't pass it without 
looking at the wonder of the valley."
    "Be quick about it then," said Aragon, thoroughly enjoying his new role, 
and starting to wish Gandalf had departed quite a bit sooner. "We'll be safe
once we're in Lothlorien, and Wednesday is meatloafday. We don't want to
miss <i>that</i>." He didn't add that the last thing he wanted was to get his
mother-in-law's mother angry by being late, and she was known for her
temper.
    Giggly jogged towards the stone pillar, and called for Frodo to follow him.
Frodo's upper body was aching from the impact of the orc's stick, but he was
strangely attracted to the silent blue water, and the scent that hung over
the place.
    Together they stood still, for a moment in grave silence, in awe of the
moment, and of the history of the place.
    "This pillar marks the spot where the Dwarves first erected a McDonalds
concession. Cholesterol levels have never been the same, but you just can't
beat that Quarter Pounder cheese, now can you?" Giggly was clearly overcome
with emotion, but Frodo just wished that more of the once proud restaurant
remained than the lingering smell of hamburgers and fries.
    "Oh Ronald McDonald, succulent and juicy," said Giggly. "There it lies, 
the Big Mac, until the Power comes back on," and with a bow he left.
    "What did you see?" Pipsqueak asked Frodo on his return, but Frodo 
couldn't bring himself to torment his companion with descriptions of menus 
and smells, and remained silent.

    Aragon now led the company south, over a steep path down. "<i>I</i> will lead 
you on the road that Gandalf chose," unnecessarily emphasizing himself but
wanting to shut Boromir™ and any other would-be contenders up for good.
"First I hope to get to the woods where the Silverlode flows into the Great
River - " he pointed, " - Over There." He immediately realized this didn't
sound very authorative but it was too late.
    "Hope? Hope? Do you actually have any idea where we're headed?" asked
Boromir™ smugly.
    "Wh- when I said 'Hope', I- I- I- meant to- to arrive safely," stammered
Aragon, experiencing a sinking feeling not felt since a certain luxury
cruiseship thought unsinkable proved not to be. But once again an elf maid
came to his rescue, although this time it was Lego-lass.
    "There lie the plains of Lothlorien, fairest of all dwellings of my people.
There are no trees in that country - at least there didn't used to be, they
were all cut down, for the leaves of the trees were made into a currency and
subsequently its entire population became millionaires overnight. But they
spent the money well and now they run some of the finest, most exquisite
golf courses in Middle Earth. Teeing off is said to induce a state of
euphoria, and putting in Lorien is praised above all else in the songs we
sing in Mirkwood. My heart would be glad to behold a golf bat in Spring, in
Lorien."
    "It's a club, and I'll be glad even if it were winter. But it's still 
quite some distance," (again cursing himself for his indecisiveness) "and we 
have to hurry."
    "Do you have to be a member-" Arwen tried to ask, but she was interrupted.
    "I have to rest," Frodo cried. The jog with Giggly and the gnawing hungry
feeling the hamburger joint had awoken had compounded the pain in his side
from the orc stick, and suddenly his strength was gone. Aragon silently
cursed him for spoiling his planned forced march, but he feinged compassion
and ran to Frodo.
    "I am so sorry, Frodo! In all the confusion I forgot about your ordeal, 
and, well, you seemed all right what with how you rocketed up the mountain 
after Giggly like a decathlon champion on benzedrine. Please forgive my 
insensitivity. Come! A little further up is a place where we can rest, and 
I shall tend to your injuries. Boromir™, carry him."
    Feeling very pleased with himself for that last command, he turned and 
led them to a small clearing. A fire was made, and Aragon examined Frodo. 
Frodo dreaded taking his clothes off. The memory of being taunted mercilessly 
was enough to make him shudder, but even more he feared that all would discover 
his theft of Bilbo's unique and priceless <i>mithril</i> mail coat.
    "I'm all right," he writhed. "All I need is a McChicken and a Coke." His 
squirming came as much from the pain as from the image of being exposed as the 
thieving little sh*t that he now thought himself to be.
    "No," said Aragon. "I'm surprised at all that you're still alive after 
nearly being impaled with that orc twig, and I'd be negligent in my duties as a
responsible <i>leader</i> if I didn't do all that I can to relieve your pain."
That sounded quite sincere, if a little contrived.
    He carefully removed Frodo's jacket, and started laughing uncontrollably.
"No wonder it hurts! Giggly, look at what the little hobbit princeling is
wearing!" Aragon could no longer control his limbs and fell on his knees
with laughter. When Giggly approached and saw what made Aragon suffer fits,
he also burst out laughing. "What is <i>THAT</i>?! What <i>are</i> you wearing??"
Frodo looked at the coat, and saw that it was all rusted, and where the
stick had impacted it had broken, the rings being driven into his flesh and
the wound already infecting.
    "Wait, wait, don't tell me, it's the coat Thorin gave Bilbo when he
supposedly forgave him on his deathbed. I knew Bilbo was thick, but who's
ever heard of a forgiving dwarf, and then one who's been robbed of what he
holds dearest in all the world? Come ON! That thing is cursed worse than
Tinwelint's treasure! Let alone that it's made of tin..."
    "I expected better from you than to accept that as a gift from Bilbo, 
Frodo. All in Rivendell knew that it was an evil thing Thorin gave to Bilbo." 
But Frodo was just relieved that everyone in the company assumed Bilbo had 
given the damn thing to him. He felt better already, and his spirit rose even 
more when Aragon, feeling magnanimous, decided to allow the company a dose of
Vala dust. He could do no wrong after that.

    After coming down from their trip, the company ran out of excuses to 
avoid the forced march Aragon had set his mind on, and so they progressed at
neckbreaking speed through the dark. The country passed them by, until a
golden flickering seemed to envelop them. They came to a halt, and noticed
that a high dense forest was before them. In the pale light of the stars
they saw that it was the leaves that shone the pale light.
    At the edge of the treeline a sign lay on its side, and Aragon stooped 
and picked it up.
    "Lothlorien. Population twenty three thousand seven hundred
	twenty six and waning. Galadriel and Dullborn
presiding."
    Mystery was written on the faces of Aragon, Lego-lass and Arwen. The 
hobbits were as usual out of it, Boromir™ smelled another chance to 
confront Aragon with his (alleged) inadequacies and only Giggly remained 
relaxed, with a patient, almost serene expression on his face. Vala dust 
can do that to a dwarf.
    "It can't be," said Lego-lass. "There haven't been any trees for as long 
as my people can rememer, in fact since the battle in which the last Balrog
squadron, led by the Red Balrog with triple wing configuration, was defeated. 
And where are the fabled golf courses?"
    "Don't start that again! I don't know where your precious golf courses 
are, but I have a feeling we're about to find out," said Aragon. He paused,
then added for effect "But it's quiet here, too -,"
    "Oh come off it, it's quiet because <i>THERE'S NO ONE HERE!</i> Now let's get
packing, I for one want to see this witch!" Boromir's™ rude interruption
made Aragon spasm with anger, and it was all he could do to control himself
and not run Anduril through that upstart Steward's heir. That reminded him,
he could just fire the moron, and his father while he was at it...
    His musings were interrupted by Lego-lass, who with typical Elven delicacy
was blundering into the forest, making a raucous like a herd of oliphaunts.
The company had no choice but to follow, and so they did. After a short while
they came upon a fastflowing river, and Lego-lass recognized it as Nimrodel,
exclaiming, "Any elf would recognize the voice of this water, we made many
songs about it and the golden flowers that floated in her foaming current."
    "Or maybe she knew by the sign here, saying 'Nimrodel'. She's such a 
bimbo." Arwen was clearly getting annoyed at Lego-lass, for reasons as yet 
unclear to the company.
    "Follow me, guys," said Lego-lass. "The water soothes aching feet, and 
it's not very deep!" She climbed off the steep bank and disappeared immediately
in the swirling cauldron. It took the combined efforts of Boromir™ (who
acted before Aragon had a chance to order him), Giggly and Arwen to pull her
from the freezing water. "Per - Haps -We - Should -Try -At -An -Oth - Er -
Cros- Sing," she gulped. Aragon felt his control of the company slipping,
and while cohesion had never been a strong point, now it seemed as if the
group was falling apart. Well, tough.
    Lego-lass regained her composure rapidly, in spite of the incessant back
beating by Arwen, who was pretending to help Lego-lass get rid of the water
in her lungs. "Do you hear the voice of - Arwen, will you stop that?! - The
voice of Nim - Leave me alone will ya?! I can hear the voice of the river,
it reminds me of a song my people sing. I will try to translate it into
Westron."
    In a soft voice the elf began:

          <i>There once was an old elven-maid
          With nothing to do all day
          Spent time and money on trendy clothes
          Just had to have her way

          Her hair was white, her limbs were gone
          And she was fairly free;
          And in the wind her ribcage whistled
          Like chimes in a linden-tree

          Where now she wanders none can tell
          In Bondstreet or Times Square
          Her creditcards were all revoked
          Her bankaccounts laid bare

          A wind by night in Projects-South
          Arose, and bad it stunk
          Drove shopping trolley thru the street
          And she lost all her spunk

          Amroth beheld his bankuptcy
          And cursed the faithless b*tch
          His debt now stacked too high to see
          His credit blown to bits

          From window high they saw him leap
          a sack of flour from a barn
          plunge to the streets below, so deep
          Ending this sad sad yarn</i>

    "I apologise if the translation is less than perfect, but I'm sure you 
all get the drift of the story. It's very sad, for it tells how greed came 
to Lorien, when the dwarves wakened bureaucracy and corruption in the
mountains."
    "But the dwarves did not make the bureaucracy and corruption," said 
Giggly.
    "Don't get so defensive, shorty; I never said they did."

    Aragon decided this was <i>the</i> moment to reestablish his leadership, 
and rounded them all up. He led them deeper into the forest, until it became to
dark to see, and it was decided to make camp. Following Lego-lass' advice
they were about to climb the trees, which seemed the safest place to sleep,
when a commanding voice sounded from the trees. Unexpectedly, they had found
elves of Lorien, and they felt safer. As Aragon had a bad case of vertigo,
he had no choice but to deputize Lego-lass to talk to them. She disappeared
up a tree and came back down after half an hour or so.
    "It seems Halfwit, Rummage and Orphan knew we were coming, and anyway, 
they heard me nearly drown and then cough my lungs out back at the river, so 
they let us pass. They'll escort us to Galadriel and Dullborn, but because 
elves hate dwarves - as my dad showed your dad, Giggles - and the Lorien folk 
have not yet been infected with the Political Correctnes virus, Giggly will 
have to be gagged, blindfolded and tied to a pole, after receiving the 
mandatory flogging of course... No, I'm kidding, but a blindfold will be 
necessary."
    The dwarf made no objections, and aside from some torn ligaments and a
broken nose there followed an uneventful leisurely walk until Halfwit froze,
and the entire company felt the tension.
    "<i>Yrch!</i>" said the elf in a hissing whisper, staring into the darkness, and
they heard him sniffing as well.
    "What is it? Not orcs, I hope," whispered Aragon to Lego-lass.
    "No, he just stepped in some dog doodie. Probably from one of Galadriel's; 
they tell me she lets those mutts run around free all the time, and this is 
what you get."
    The company tried to walk more carefully after that, but it was no use,
sooner or later they all stepped in it, except Giggly, who somehow managed
to use the elf leading him as guide to where not to tread.
    For that night and the next day they walked, and apart from the occasional
rest, which invariably involved a small picnic (these elves were not used to
bingeing Hobbits, and had yet to learn to say No) it was all pretty boring,
so a routine evolved whereby one member would talk to Giggly, and another
(Morrie volunteered for this more than the others) would curl up into a
rock-like position, placing himself in Giggly's path. The dwarf's guide was
happy to cooperate, and they laughed themselves silly as the poor Dwarf
tripped and fell time after time, being warned just a little too late every
time. It made time pass by more quickly for all involved.

    In the afternoon more elves joined the company, and Giggly's blindfold was
removed. "Galadriel has personally ordered this. You are the first dwarf to
behold the Course of the Naith of Lorien since Durin's day!"
    Before them stretched what must have been the only remaining golf course 
in the entire elven realm, but what a beauty it was. Its grass was just
greener, its sand was just - well, <i>you</i> know; it was an elven version of a
perfect golf course.
    "Behold! You are come to Cerin Amroth," said Halfwit. "For this is the 
heart of the acient realm as it was long ago, and here is the mound of Amroth,
where they buried what they managed to scrape off the pavement after his
unfortunate fall."

    The others cast themselves down upon the grass, but Frodo had never played
golf, had never even seen a golf cart, and badly wanted to drive one. He
thought he had managed to sneak away unseen and sat down behind the wheel of
beautifully cream colored cart, when Aragon sat down next to him. He felt
caught, but Aragon put him at ease.
    "This is the best golf course on earth," he said, and added with what can
only be described as a malicious smirk, "and here I scored a hole-in-one for
the first time in my life, and this was before I ever learned to play
golf...You have not scored yet, but your luck may change." And feeling
magnanimous once more, he took Frodo's hand and showed him the way to
Arwen's cousin's dwellings, and came there as healthy men do.


The sun was sinking behind the mountains, and it was far too dark to
play golf when Aragon and Frodo cleaned themselves up, got dressed, and
went on again.  Night came beneath the trees as they walked, and lamps of
Noldorin crystal automatically lit up the forest -- though Frodo noticed
their odd tendency to flicker off as he passed beneath them.
     Suddenly they came out into the open again, and found themselves
staring up at a glittering palace all made of crystal and coloured glass. 
Delicate spires and tiny minarets of Elven-colour were cleverly woven into
a beautifully designed castle.  A splendid sight.  It was the home of
Galadriel, the Elvenqueen.
     Frodo gasped.  "Is this where Galadriel lives?" he asked, disregarding
the previous sentence.
     Aragorn shook his head.  "No, this is just the set for a previous
movie, which never got made because of, er, contractual difficulties. 
Galadriel actually lives over here."  He pointed to a thicket of the
brambly shrubs that the elves name <i>ferlyrn</i>,  upon the highest of which was
perched a rough structure of boards nailed hastily together, with a rope
ladder dangling therefrom.  Above the platform was the crudely lettered
sign:

                  <b>GLADREEL'S TREE HOWS
                     (DULBORNS twenty one!)
               POZITIVLY NO DWERWS ALOUD!!!!</b>

     Ever since Frodo had set foot upon the far bank of Silverlode, a
strange feeling had come upon him; it seemed to him that his head ached,
there was a sour taste on his tongue and that now and then lights would
flash before of his eyes.  Now, as he stood looking up the ladder towards
the treehouse, a rush like a great green wave drowning the fair land of
Numenor came over him, and he suddenly perceived Reality.
     He looked down, and saw that his feet had sprouted roots and were
sinking deep, deep into the fertile loam, spreading out so that he could
feel clearly every grain of mould beneath him; each blade of grass sprang
up, keenly speaking its aliveness, and he felt a sudden kinship with the
tree that rose up before him.  He could feel it growing, see it rising up
into the sky and spreading its leaves, thirstily draining the aquifer...
Frodo staggered back, overcome by the knowledge.  He looked beside him, and
saw Aragon staring down at him with glittering eyes.
     "Are you all right, Frodo?" he said -- but his voice seemed to come
from a long way away, as if from the bottom of a well.
     Frodo tried to say "yes", but his voice came out strangely, and it
seemed as if something or someone else was speaking for him.  "Would you
believe me," it said, "if I told you I was being followed by a yellow
Nazdaq?"
     "Nooo..." said Aragon's distant voice, and suddenly Aragon twisted
into a tiny blue marble and shot away into the distance.  Frodo shook his
head, saw the rope ladder before him, and began to climb.

     It seemed to him that the ladder rose up forever, and that he had to
stop many times before he reached the top.  At each stage he marked the
great leaves that grew out from the trunk, overshadowing the groups of
elves that sat chatting beneath; while huge black ants roamed up and down
the tree, on their endless quest for Meaning and Food.  Woodlice he saw,
and moths resting upon the sad grey bark of the <i>forlorn</i>.  Up, up he
climbed, until he reached the stratosphere, the <i>svarga</i> heaven above the
stars, the jungle canopy where the spider monkeys brachiate from branch to
branch.  The treehouse floor stretched broad and fair before him, and its
floor was made of lapis lazuli; through the floor he could see the
constellations glimmering fair beneath him. "<i>Cassiopeia</i>," he said to
himself.

     And there they were, seated upon golden thrones underneath a tapestry
glittering with Jewels: the Lord and the Lady.  The Lord was tall and dark
bearded, hairy-chested like a satyr and brimming with virility; he held a
silver athame in his head.  The Lady was also tall and deep-cleavaged, with
broad hips like the Willendorf Venus, and in her hand was a fluted chalice
of gold.  Secret symbols were drawn upon the floor.
     Frodo stood before them, wordless.  The Lord welcomed him in his own
tongue, saying, "<i>A, peryando tiucumba váratalya limbenengwea!  Auta!</i>"  The
Lady said no word, but merely licked her lips.  And Frodo knew at that
moment that they had looked deep into his soul and perceived the essential
oneness that connected them both at that moment.
     Dullborn, perceiving that Frodo was still there, not having understood
a word he had said, used sign language to indicate that he should go stand
in a corner, while he interrogated the remainder of the company, who had
mysteriously materialized on the lapis lazuli.  "So, Aragon son of
Arathon," he said, "Did you off Gandalf before he could pay me back the
three thousand <i>miriain</i> he owed me?"
     "Nay," said Galadriel, her voice resonating like a cracked theorbo. 
"Aragon never had the wit to do away with Gandalf.  Now tell us where he
is, for he oweth us both money and favors."  She crossed her legs.
     "Alas!" said Aragon.  "Gandalf was lost in the depths of Moira, taken
by a shadow and a flame, which had no wings..."
     Lego-lass stepped on Aragon's foot, hard.  "It was a Balrog of
Mortgage," she said.  "Its wings spread from wall to wall, over a span of
thirty years."
     The dismayed cries of the Elves rang out.  "Gandalf?  Lost?  Without
heirs, beneficiaries, or estate?  Now whom can we sue?"

     Lord Dullborn stood up straight and tall.  "At such a grim time," he
said, "a time of sadness and loss for us all, when strong leadership is
required more than ever, there is only one thing for us to do..."
     "That's right!" said Halfwit the Elf.
     "...blame the Dwerrows!"
     "The Dwerrows!  It's all the fault of the Dwerrows!  Expel 'em!  Take
away their property!  Sterilize 'em!  Hang 'em!  Fry 'em in oil! <i>Zwerge
'raus!</i>"  These were among the more printable remarks made by the Elves
assembled there.

     Galadriel coughed, and the treehouse fell silent.  "While it is well
known to all of us," she said, looking at Giggly, "that Dwerrows are
hideous, gnarled, shrunken mutants, with a barbarous speech, no manners,
and a long history of elf-molestation, they are still not to blame for
everything -- just most things.  Besides, who can blame the Dwerrow if he
wished to gaze at last at his ancestral home whose entrance lies deep at
the head of that shadowy vale between the mountains known as the Limbs of
Moira?"
     "Dark are the waters of Kleo-patrâ, and warm, oh, warm are the springs
of Kunni-gonda," she chanted, running the tip of her tongue over the tops
of her lower teeth.  
     And Giggly, on hearing the names given in his own ancient tongue,
looked up as far as he could; and it seemed to him that he looked suddenly
into the heart of a perfect stranger and saw there lust and amorous desire. 
He smiled in answer, rose, and said politely, "You can visit me any time."
     There was a deathly silence, during which Galadriel stared hard at
each member of the Company.  At length Dullborn spoke again.  "Get the hell
out of here, all of you."

     That night the Company slept on the ground, as no self-respecting Elf
would allow them into their treehouses.   For a little while the travellers
argued among themselves, engaging in unrestrained slander, backbiting, and
feeble excuses for their behaviour.
     "What were you wriggling for, Sam?" interrogated Pipsqueak.  "Maybe
planning on cutting me and Morrie out of the action?"
     "I never thought no such thing," answered Sam.  "If you want to know,
I felt as if the Lady was looking right through my tunic and seeing the
'Rosie' tattoo on my chest."
     "And the little fluffy pink lambs embroidered on your shorts," Morrie
added helpfully.
     "Hey!"
     "To me it seemed exceedingly strange," said Boromir™.  "For though
they say in our land that the Lady of the Golden Wood possesseth X-ray
vision as well as superhuman endurance, I did marvel that she passed over a
man of my physique so hastily."
     When Aragon had calmed them all down, he bade them sleep well for the
night.  "And if you must go outside, take with you a handful of leaves of
the <i>forlorn</i>; for there is in this land no toilet paper, unless a man bring
it hither himself.  Then let him beware!"

     They remained some days in Lothlorien, so far as they could tell, but
since their watches had all been confiscated at the border, they tended to
lose track of time.  All the while they dwelt there Frodo's symptoms
remained unchanged.  They had not seen the Lord or Lady again, and the
Elven-folk shunned them as if they were rabid lepers, except for two:
Lego-lass spent all her time among the Elves, and pretended not to see the
companions if they passed near; and Giggly was often seen returning from
Galadriel's treehouse well after midnight, and the others wondered at this.     
     And after some weeks had passed, the companions held a wake for
Gandalf.  They could sometimes - if they eavesdropped - overhear the Elves
mentioning his Elvish name, Mesprendeur; but if Lego-lass was with the
company, she would not interpret for them, saying that if they wanted her
to be an interpreter they could bloody well pay her, and in any case the
remarks were far too rude.
     It was Frodo who first put something of his feelings into words, as
they sat in a circle, talking about their memories of the old bum, and
getting roaring drunk.  Frodo had been listening to the Elves singing about
Gandalf, but as he had never gotten better than a C+ in Sindarin class, and
moreover they spoke it with a strong Québecois accent, he understood hardly
anything of what he had heard, and his translation, as repeated to Sam,
must be regarded as if he had made it all up himself.

          <i>Picture yourself in a wood by a river, 
          With golden-leaved trees of unusual size; 
          Words incomprehensible call to remind you, 
          The elf with the silmaril eyes. 
          Elanor flowers of silver and gold, 
          Springing upon the green lawn. 
          Look for the elf with the clouds in her hair, 
          And she's gone. 

          Varda in the sky with starlight 
          Varda in the sky with starlight
          Varda in the sky with starlight
          A.... 

          Follow her down to a grove in the forest 
          Where feather-tressed maidens spread marshmallow thighs, 
          Niphredils rise around you under mallorns 
          That grow so incredibly high. 
          A boat with a swan's prow rows on by the shore, 
          Waiting to take you away. 
          Sit in the stern with your face to Mordor, 
          And you're gone. 

          Varda in the sky with starlight 
          Varda in the sky with starlight
          Varda in the sky with starlight
          A.... 

          Picture yourself on a ship in the Ocean, 
          With oddly-dressed elves wearing beards for disguise, 
          Suddenly someone is there on an island, 
          The elf with the silmaril eyes. 

          Varda in the sky with starlight 
          Varda in the sky with starlight
          Varda in the sky with starlight
          A....</i>

     "But that doesn't have anything to do with Gandalf at all," Sam objected.
     "Well, finish it yourself, then," Frodo replied sourly.
     "How about this," said Sam:

          <i>Hamburger and fries with ketchup,
          Hamburger and fries with ketchup,
          Hamburger and fries with ketchup,
          Hamburger and fries with ketchup...</i>

     Frodo kicked Sam all the way back to the tent.

     One evening, after Frodo and Sam had finally kissed and made up, Frodo
asked: "So, Sam, do you think you've seen enough of the Elves?"
     "I reckon I have, Master," Sam replied.  "They're interesting enough
to start with, but spend a few months with them and they're horribly dull."
     Even as he spoke, as if in answer to his words, there was a sharp
cough and the Lady Galadriel stood before them.  She spoke no word, but
offered them a glimpse of well-rounded calf and ankle, and they followed
willingly enough.  She led them behind the thicket of treehouses into a
damp, mossy little garden, ornamented with a mirrored globe, a sundial, and
a stone dwarf that was remarkably lifelike except for the lichens growing
upon him.
     At the bottom of the garden stood a birdbath filled to the brim with
water.  Galadriel stooped and breathed on it, and when the water was still
again she spoke.  "Here is the Birdbath of Galadriel," she said.  "I have
brought you here so that you may look in it, if you will."

     Sam muscled his way past Frodo.  "I'll have a look," he said.  He
stepped up on a brick and leaned over the basin.  "There's only sparrow
droppings, as I thought," he said.  But suddenly the Birdbath turned muddy,
then clear.  Sam gasped. "Hey!" he shouted.  "There's Ted getting a
monopoly on the industrial waste reprocessing business.  I wish I could get
at Ted, and I'd reprocess him!"
     Galadriel shook her head.  "Remember that the Birdbath shows many
things, and not all have yet come to pass.  Some never come to be, unless
those that behold the visions turn aside from their path to prevent them."
     Sam looked puzzled.  "So you mean that if I <i>don't</i> go back to the Shire
to fix old Ted's waggon, he <i>won't</i> be turning Bywater Pool into a dump for
toxic sludge?"
     Galadriel snickered behind her hand.  "Well, if you <i>do</i> go back, then
it certainly will happen; and if you <i>don't</i> go back, it won't necessarily
<i>not</i> happen; and if I use conditional sentences that are complicated enough
and have enough multiple negatives, you will get so confused that you'll
stop asking questions and go with the narrative flow.  Do you understand?"
     "No."
     "Excellent.  Frodo, it's your turn."

     Frodo stepped up to the Birdbath.  The night was dark, and its velvet
seemed to stream away from him in waves of purple and indigo, while the
stars played their eerie flutes inside his head.  The water swayed before
him as he bent over the basin.  His jaw dropped, and saliva began to drip
from his lower lip.
     "What do you see?" Galadriel asked.
     "I see..." Frodo replied dully, "an Eye... filling nearly all the
water... it is glazed... yellow as a cat's... watchful... intent... but its
pupil opens onto a pit... a window into Absolute Nothingness... that
Hideous Void where Space and Time become naught, where all individuality is
destroyed, where Azathoth pipes his hideous flutes to the nameless tunes of
Nyarlathotep!"  Frodo's voice, at first low and sluggish, had risen to a
shrill scream.
     "Oh," said Galadriel.  "That must be Tivil."  She sighed, rolled up
her right sleeve, reached deep into the Birdbath up above her elbow, and
hauled out a twisting, hissing creature.  She held it up and looked at it
accusingly.  It glared back at her through a yellow, slitted eye.
     "Naughty beast!" Galadriel said.  "How many times have I told you not
to hide in there?  Be along with you now."  She released it in midair,
where it stretched itself out to reveal scaly flanks, long furry fins
tipped with claws, and a whiskery face that it wiped with its forefins. 
Mewing, it flexed its broad, striped tail and swam away through the air
into the trees.
     "Anyway," Galadriel said, "I know what you thought you saw.  But I say
to you, Frodo, that however the Dark Lord tries to grope me, still the door
is closed!" She turned to the East, crossing her arms and legs in a gesture
of rejection and denial.
     "Wow," said Frodo.  "You are beautiful and sexy, Lady Galadriel.  I
will give you the One Ring, if you want it."
     Galadriel tossed her head in the gesture known to the Elves as the
<i>maewest</i>.  "That's enough from <i>you</i>," she replied.  "Maybe a lot of other
girls would fall for that line, but not me.  You see, already all love me
and despair."
     She lifted up her hand, and from a cleverly hidden spotlight there
issued a great light that illumined her alone and left all else dark. 
Moody music with lots of violins emanated from out the thick air, and all
around the garden came the click of the cameras of the <i>paparazzi</i>.  
     Then she let her hand fall, and the spot switched off.  "So you see,"
she continued, "I don't need anything at all that you can offer."  She
turned to Sam, who sat cowering in the dirt.  "Have you understood anything
at all that you've seen here?"
     "No, Lady," he replied humbly.  "But can I have your autograph?"


That night the Company was again summoned to the ramshackle tree 
hut of Galadriel (and Dullborn the Wise). There Dullborn the Wise spoke 
to them and bade them to hasten their departure for "the time to leave
draweth nigh," as he said. "But before thou leavest (and we can
finally get rid of this bothersome dwarf) thou must decide where to
make for when thou set forth."
    Then Galadriel looked at each of the Company and said "They are as 
yet undecided, every one of them."
    Aragon at once spoke up. "As leader of this Company I deem it best 
if we make directly for ... eh ... for ... eh ... Mordor! Yes! Mordor! 
We have to destroy the Ring. It is too dangerous a thing for Elf or
mortal to wield. And we have to claim Frodo's inheritance, of course."
    At the mention of his name Frodo looked up smiling. "Inheritance. 
Oh yes. Blue <i>niphredils</i> in high fields of green. Purple waters of 
Nurnen reflecting the starlight of Varda in clear skies. Horses 
thundering over yellow fields of corn..."
    Into the ensuing silence Pipsqueak peeped, "But what about 
Isengard? What about Aruman's subpoena? Don't we have to go there 
first?"
    "Well, yes," Aragon said. "Isengard. Of <i>course</i> we are going to 
make for Isengard first. Never meant to do anything else."
    "Subpoena. You're gonna bow before some stupid law? I'll do this
to your stupid subpoena!" Morrie brawled and flashed one of his knifes
menacingly while Lego-lass asked, "But how do we know Aruman is still
in Isengard and hasn't been summoned to Mordor?"
    Boromir™ declared firmly, "I think we should make for Gondor™, 
for my home town of Minas Tirith™."
    Giggly giggled excitedly. Arwen nudged Aragon sideways and Aragon 
decided that he best reassert his authority and fast. He spoke up and 
decisively said "Eh... I... eh ..."
    "At least thou shouldst decide which side of the River thou wantst
to take," Dullborn the Wise's deep voice broke into the confusion.
Everyone looked up at him except Frodo who was studying the ceiling
and smiling.
    "Well, that's easy," Aragon declaimed firmly, "we will take the 
west side... No, I meant the east side... Or west?"
    Galadriel spoke up. "Well, apparently you need time yet to decide.
But my wise husband has thought of a way to help you.." Dullborn the Wise
looked perplexed. "They will be travelling along a RIVER," Galadriel
nudged, "and don't know which SIDE to take." Dullborn the Wise stared
blankly at her. "With RIVERS you don't need to take SIDES." Galadriel
looked imploringly at her husband. "With the right EQUIPMENT you can
delay the choosing." Still nothing. "You can just FLOAT along..."
    "Ah, yes," Dullborn declared wisely, "we will lend thou rafts. Then
thou canst travel ON the river and needest not make so portentous a
decision hastily as which side thou wouldst take."
    Galadriel sighed, "What the wise and noble Dullborn meant is we 
would have lent you rafts if we still had enough trees to fell and 
build them with. Instead Dullborn the Wise generously lets you take 
some of our fast elvish rowboats. They need rowers, yes, but we can 
bind three of them together and then your manservant, Sam, can row 
all of you."
    They accepted the offer gratefully (except for Sam who muttered
something about imperialist opressors and revolution).
    "All, that is," Galadriel amended, "except for you, Arwen." She 
looked at her granddaughter. "Your father El Rond has sent an Eagle from
Rivendell with a message ordering you to come home at once."
    "Eagle," Boromir™ cried, at the same time that Giggly, jumping 
excitely up and down, asked, "Is it still here? Is it?"
    "Why, no, I sent it back." Galadriel looked flustered. "Did you 
want to send a message back?"
    "We thought," Aragon began, "We could have... Oh, never mind."

    Arwen's face had darkened during this conversation. Now she spoke 
up. "I am definitely NOT going back. Now when things get interesting 
and I even might become the heroine of the upcoming movie instead of a
sidekick, I'll definitely NOT be going home!"
    Galadriel smiled benevolently at her. Lights played on her hair 
and the soft music of violins welled up from the background. "Well, 
yes, I can see that a chance at fame cannot be passed over," she said. 
"I will write a letter to El Rond and explain. He will understand."

    "And now," Galadriel continued, "it is time for presents." She
clapped her hands and fair Elf maidens entered bearing the presents of
Galadriel and Dullborn for the company of the Ring. To Aragon as
leader of the party she gave a green gem, and said, "This is the
Elfstone foretold of old, heirloom of the House of Gil-Gallamine. May
it bring you more luck than its last bearer and may it be a warning to
you: The time of relaxing is not yet at hand. Beware of Orc maidens!
    "And I have something else to give you," she continued, "something
that might save your sword from breaking again." She smiled and handed
him a small silver key. Aragon blushed furiously, then a big smile
crept across his face. He bowed deeply and then beamed at Arwen who
winked back at him.

    Galadriel then turned to the rest of the company. To Boromir™ 
she gave a Golden Warhorn of Summoning, and Morrie and Pipsqueak were
gifted with a Silver Belt of Restoration each while Lego-lass received
a Composite Elven Long Bow +three. Her granddaughter Arwen she presented
with Winged Leather Boots of Speed.
    Then she looked at Giggly. "And what gift would a Dwarf ask of the
Elves?" she asked.
    "None," Giggly giggled, "for I already received more than I ever 
dared to hope."
    "Hear all ye Elves!" Galadriel cried. "Let none ever say again that 
all Dwarves are grasping and ungracious... well, not ungracious, at least," 
she amended. "Nonetheless a gift you shall have," Galadriel said and 
handed him an autographed poster of herself (a VERY limited collectors' 
edition, only genuine with a strand of original hair of Galadriel 
interwoven into its fabric).
    Giggly gasped, then started excitedly to jump up and down. "What joy,
what joy. I shall take it with me always and when I come home to the 
Dwarvish Mines of Erebor at last, I shall encase this treasure in 
imperishable crystal and it shall be a heirloom of my house!"
    Galadriel then turned to Sam. "I don't have much I can give you to
help you serve your betters in this quest; and besides, it wouldn't be
proper, of course. Only by exhausting themselves in the service of
their masters can true servants show their worth, after all, and
receive praise. But I do have something that might help you ease the
life of your master after the quest is done." And she handed Sam a
small box. "In this box," she said, "is collected the essence of the
trees felled for constructing the famous Golf course of Lorien,
bespoken with potent spells. When your master settles down in Nurnen
after this quest he may be missing the woods of the Shire. Then open
this box and spread its contents. There a forest will grow such as the
deforested shores of Nurnen have never seen before. Elvish <i>forlorn</i>
trees will grow there, high and mighty, and no axe nor chainsaw may
fell them for the spells laid on the contents of this box protect them
from any harm. Eternally they will stand on the shores of the
beautiful Lake Nurnen and your Master will enjoy taking a respite from
the southern heat there while you faithfully toil in his service."
Sam silently took the box and bowed as well as he could.

    Finally, Galadriel turned to Frodo who was still smiling at the
ceiling. "And you, Ring-Bearer," she said, "I come to you last who are
not last in my thoughts. For you I have this," and she handed him a
small white stone. "This is an old heirloom of the Elves and came to
us under mysterious circumstances from far away. It has waited here for
you since the beginning of time. It is a light imperishable that will
shine for you in the dark when all other lights have gone out. But you
must name it first."
    Frodo smiled at her. "<i>Al'Tsahir</i>," he said and the stone glowed 
brightly and leapt into his hand. "All the saws here," he corrected 
himself, "endlessly cutting trees of golden <i>forlorn</i>. Lights glowing 
brightly with neon colours of white. Pink slippers of glorious shine 
on wandering Santas of rosemarin..."
    At the mention of The Clause all fell silent. The festive mood
vanished. The spirit of the audience was broken. They dispersed and
the Company went to bed.

    The next morning they were woken by Halfwit, Rummage and Orphan, 
the Elves who had first met them after they entered Lorien. They led 
them a last time through the fabled Golf course of Lorien and down to 
the Silverlode where three boats had been readied for the Company (tied
together with the fabled Elven rope, a distant ancestor of modern
Nylon). They were stocked with food and water, and contained an Elven
Cloak of Near Invisibility for each of the Company. Pipsqueak at once
tried the food. "Hmm, <i>crap</i>," he said, "Good."
    "Enough, enough," Halfwit laughed, "This is not <i>crap</i>. These are 
<i>twinkies</i>, which are a lot more nutritionally balanced than <i>crap</i>. 
You have already eaten more than you need in a whole day!" 
    The company then entered the boats. In one boat Aragon, Pipsqueak 
and Morrie climbed; the second one was taken up by Boromir™, 
Lego-lass and Giggly. The third one (with the paddles) was manned by 
Arwen, Frodo and Sam, who took up the paddles.  They pushed off from the
Shore and the current at once swept them downriver.
    As they drifted down the Silverlode and into the Great River they 
saw the last edge of Lorien, a tongue of land between the Silverlode and
the Great River, coming towards them. There the players clubhouse was
situated and out on the lawn a big picnic had been readied. Galadriel
and Dullborn stood at a small pier waiting for them among a company of
brightly garbed Elves and waved at them. But just as the current had
swept them almost past Galadriel and Dullborn and Sam started turning
the boats around and making toward the pier they felt a tingle, a
golden flickering and suddenly time seemed to speed up. The current
of the River became a torrent. It swept them past the pier and down
the Great River. Before they could react they passed a bend in the
River and Lorien was out of sight. Frodo passed out.
    "Well," thought Sam, "so much to the good. At least I don't have 
to deal with those snobbish imperialist Elves again, and that's a fact.
Giving me a box of FOREST ESSENCE for the delight of my MASTER." He
shook his head. The ruse with the autograph hadn't worked, but <i>this</i>...
He smiled and took the box out of his pack. It was much lighter now.
Well, he had made good use of its original contents. Let them try to
play golf in a dense forest of uncuttable trees, those greedy
capitalists! After all, what did HE need forest essence for! No, he
had replaced this crap in the box with something far more useful...

Frodo was roused by Sam, not that there's anything wrong with that.
He awoke from a wistful dream of Galadriel's lament as their boats slowly
drifted out of Lorien.  Long afterwards he interpreted them, as well as
he could given Bilbo's somewhat fraudulent tutoring in Quenya:
  "Eh! leeke-a guld fell zee leefes in zee veend, bork, lung yeers
noomberless es zee veengs ooff trees! Right On! De years gots' passed
likes swift draughts uh de sweet mead in lofty halls beyond da damn West,
benead de blue vaults of Varda wherein de stars tremble in de song uh ha'
voice, holy and queenly. Slap mah fro!  Who now shall refill thuh cup fo'
me?  Fur noo zee Keendler, Ferda, zee Qooeee ooff zee Sters, frum Muoont
Ifervheete-a hes upleeffted her hunds leeke-a cluoods, und ell peths
ere-a drooned deep in shedoo; und oooot ooff a grey cuoontry derkness
leees oon zee fuemeeng vefes betveee us, und meest cufers zee jooels ooff
zee Celecurya fur ifer.  Now lost, mostly, lost to those from thuh East
is like wow! Valimar!  Oh, wow!  Farewell!  Gag me with a SPOOOOON!
Maybe thou shalt find Valimar!  Gag me with a pitchfork!  Maybe even
thou shalt find it.  Farewell!"

  Frodo found that he was lying, wrapped from head to toe in all the spare
elven cloaks, ropes, and <i>forlorn</i> leaf wrappings from the <i>twinkies</i>
(or so he hoped) that Sam had collected from the Company's baggage.
Looking up as he extricated himself from the swaddling, he noted that
he was under a large, grey-skinned tree that looked vaguely humanoid.
Pipsqueak noticed this as well and tried to strike up a conversation,
but no amount of prodding, poking, kicking, name-calling, or waving of
brands from Giggly's little fire could get a response from it.
  They started again shortly before noon, though Morrie would gladly
have slept through lunch and tea-time.  Nor were most of the Company 
eager to hurry southwards, considering the crises of leadership and 
bitter recriminations (to say nothing of the heat and humidity) that lay 
beyond. Aragon let them drift with the stream as they wished, but stopped 
after the third time Boromir™ ran his boat aground with a strange, 
vicious glee.  But he insisted that they start earlier each day, for his
resentment of the Fellowship's defiance of his divine right after the
escape from Moira still burned hot in his heart.  <i>If I can't assail the
Dark Tower in glorious conquest as befits a returning king,</i> he thought,
<i>I can still have a lot of fun running the stupid halflings straight into
the ground.</i>
  Nonetheless the hobbits held up surprisingly well, and they saw no
sign of an enemy for two days.  The lands began to change slowly: first
the trees thinned and became less ominously anthropomorphic.  On the
east bank, they say long slopes, grey and withered like the cirrhotic
liver of one of the Big Folk who had spent far too many summer evenings
in the common room of the Prancing Pony.  They had come to the Grey
Lands that lay, vast and desolate, between Southern Smirkwood and the
hills of the Emyn Mail.  Aragon admitted, after much taunting by Arwen,
and scowls and eyerolling by Boromir™, that he had no clue what evil,
horrible deed of the Enemy had so transformed the entire region.  The
hobbits noted with a mounting sense of horror that the hills far to the
south seemed to be paved with a dark, matte substance and painted with
white lines like the bones of some long-extinct fish.
  There was no sign of living moving things, save birds.  Of these there
were many: annoying little ones, medium-sized ones that seemed
predestined to drop guano on the shoulders of the Men (who were little
consoled when Lego-lass pointed out that being hit was a symbol of
good fortune among the Elves of Smirkwood), and the hugest flying
creatures they had yet seen.  Once or twice the travellers heard the
rush and whine of a sound like the shadow of the shape of wings, and
looking up they saw a familiar "V" shape streaming along the sky.
  "Ai, ai!" cried Lego-lass.  "A B--... oh, never mind, they're ducks."
  "Giant Arnorian mallards, by the looks of them," muttered Aragon.
"Now I understand.  What an evil fortune!  And I am already hungry!"
  "How wide and commercialized all this country looks!" said Frodo.  "I
always imagined that as one journeyed south, it got warmer and
merrier, with many retired people lounging about in the bright sun."
  "But we have not journeyed far south yet," answered Aragon.  "It is
still winter, and we are far from the sea.  Far away down in the
Bay of Tampalas, to which Anduin runs, it is warm and merry, maybe,
or would be merry but for the Tampalas Bay Corsairs.  But here we are
not above sixty leagues, I guess, south of the Southfarting away in
your Shire, hundreds of long miles to the east.  You are looking
now southwest across the north plains of the Riddlemark, Rohan the
land of the mysterious and eccentric Horse-lords.  Ere long we shall
come to the mouth of the Dimlight that runs down from Dolorn to join
the Great River.  That is the north boundary of Rohan; and of old all
that lay between the Dimlight and the Off-White Mountains belonged to the
Rohirrim.  It is a rich and pleasant land, and its turfgrass has no
rival; you will find no golf courses for which it is harder or more
expensive to get a tee time.  But in these evil days folk do not dwell
by the River or ride often to its shores.  Anduin is wide, yet
the orcs get great range with those horn-backed composite bows and
ugly but functional orc fletching of theirs, so waterfront property
values have understandably taken a dive.  Lately the orcs have even
started crossing the water and playing a few holes on the greens of
Rohan."  Aragon shook his head ruefully as he visualized the Uruk-Hai
beheading their hapless caddies.
  "As for the commercialization, what you see here is but the beginning,
not even a faint shadow of the great, magical kingdom that my
ancestors built."  At this cryptic comment, Aragon suddenly became
close, as if he had said too much already, and not even Arwen could
get him to speak again for hours.
  Sam looked from bank to bank uneasily.  The trees had seemed hostile
before, but some of the isolated treelike figures on the shore were
jumping up and down, giving him Bree cheers and making rude gestures.
He had a feeling that the Company was completely exposed to any orcish
sniper who could shoot a hobbit child's bow, meandering slowly in
little open boats in the midst of shelterless lands, on a river that
was the frontier of war, but then the feeling passed.
  In the next day or two, the Company passed steadily southwards as the
River broadened and gravel shoals formed.  These became so rough that
Boromir™ stopped running the boat aground and actually started
steering intently.  The faintly drawn lines on the southernmost hills
of the Grey Lands began to resolve themselves into neat rectangles,
a little over a tall Man's height across and twice as long.  Each
member of the Company was busy with his or her own thoughts.
  The heart of Lego-lass was running under the stars with some handsome
Noldorin lad in Lorien; Giggly was running his fingers through gold in
his mind (silken, flowing rivulets of gold), and also wondering what he
would use as the housing of the Lady's gift.  Morrie and Pipsqueak in
the middle boat were ill at ease as they watched Giggly in the following
boat, eyes shuttered, muttering and giggling to himself as he recalled
some strange memory.  Boromir™ was muttering as well, sometimes
biting his nails, sometimes grabbing a paddle and standing up in his
boat poised to deliver a resounding whack to the back of Frodo's head.
Then Pipsqueak, who sat in the bow looking back, caught a suspicious
look in Boromir's™ eye as he aimed the death blow.  But then
Boromir™ would shake his head and sit down, and Pipsqueak's
suspicions passed.  Sam looked serene and peaceful, but was actually
locked in a mortal struggle against his pathological phobia of boats.
Ever since he had heard about Master Frodo's parents, he could not
shake his obssessive, constant, driving fear of them.  It never ended,
not for a single waking moment.   Even now a voice akin to the Dark
Lord's was resounding through his skull: "I'm in a boat, I'm in a
boat..."  Neverending.  Never.
  As dusk drew down on the fourth day, he was looking back over the
bowed heads of Frodo and Aragon and the following boats-boats-<i>boats</i>,
boat-<i>boat-I'm-in-a-boat</i>, <i>in-a-boat</i>; he was on the verge of mental
collapse and would have willingly killed the rest of the Company to
feel sweet earth under his toes.  Suddenly something caught his sight;
at first he stared at it listlessly, then he sat up and shook his
head violently to make the bad boat-thoughts go away; but when he
looked again he could not see it any more.

  That night they camped on a small eyot close to the western bank.
Sam lay rolled in blankets beside Frodo, shuddering and hoping that
<i>eyot</i> wasn't an Elvish word for <i>boat</i>.  "I had a funny dream an hour 
or two before we stopped, Mr. Frodo," he said.  "Or maybe it wasn't 
a dream.  Funny it was anyway."
  "Well, what was it?  You need a better primer than that, Sam," said
Frodo, recalling that Sam had not had the same training in oration
that he had received from Bilbo, and bracing himself for a stale
punchline.  (In fact, Sam had had the benefit of the best education
in public speaking that a hobbit could get, sitting in <i>The Green
Dragon</i> at Bywater.)
  "It wasn't funny that way, Mr. Frodo.  At first I thought I was
hallucinating, the way I do whenever I get near r-r-r-running
w-w-w-water.  But I swear I saw a log with eyes!"
  "Oh, sure," said Frodo.  "That's just Gullible.  He's been following
us all the way through Moira and right down into Lorien.  He thinks
he's all sneaky and clever, but he's really as loud and clumsy as an
oliphaunt in a mathom house.  Just play along and humor him.  We
can grab him any time we want to, but he makes a good decoy for the
orcs."
  Aragon overheard this, but remained silent and feigned sleep, for he
had tried twice to catch Gullible in the middle of the night and
found him too sly and slippery.  There was no need to admit this to
the hobbits, of course.

  The night passed without Gullible showing so much as a shadow again.
After that the Company kept a sharp look-out, but the Men and Giggly
saw no more of Gullible while the voyage lasted.  The hobbits,
Lego-lass, and Arwen, on the other hand, caught sight of him every
now and then.  He was usually flailing along attached to a
moss-eaten log or other piece of flotsam, trying desperately and
ridiculously to camouflage himself by daubing himself with river
mud.  The Company had adopted a don't-ask, don't-tell policy
regarding the relative powers of observation of each member, so
nothing was ever said.  Giggly and the Men could always pretend that
it was due to the cover of night that Gullible seemed invisible.
In this way the time passed rather boringly until the seventh day.
  The weather was still grey and overcast, and dim enough that the
Company could hardly tell the sky from the surrounding hills.  A wind
from the East parted the clouds and the young sliver of the Moon
appeared.  As Sam was staring at its reflection, perplexed, he heard
Gullible sloshing horridly along the east bank, sneezing as the
reeds tickled his nose and cursing under his breath (but still very
loudly) as he tripped and fell into the stream.
  The next day the country on either side began to change rapidly.
The banks began to rise and grow stony, and as the land sloped
higher, the paved grey hills in the distance vanished for a time from
the Company's view.  More birds circled overhead, and as the Company
was getting under way for the evening, a wondrously loud cry caused
all heads to snap upwards.  A great shape passed, high and far off,
now wheeling, now flying on slowly southwards.
  "What is that, Lego-lass?" Aragon asked, pointing to the northern
sky.  "Is it, as I think, an eagle?"
  "No," said Lego-lass.  "It is... uh..."
  "What?"
  "Never mind."
  "WHAT IS IT, LEGO-LASS?"
  "Well, it's hard to say, but I think the Dunedain call it a...
<i>mumak</i>?"
  "What?!  Who ever heard of FLYING mumakil?"
  "Well, didn't you hear it trumpeting?"
  And so the debate continued, with Arwen taking Lego-lass's part and
Boromir™ joining Aragon in proclaiming the impossibility of what
the Elves claimed to have spied from afar.  Finally Aragon tired of
the argument (which, truth to tell, the Men were losing) and insisted
that it was fully dark and time for the Company to resume its trek.

  The eighth night of their journey came, silent and windless.  "Come!"
said Aragon.  "We will venture one more journey by night.  We are
coming to the reaches of the River that I do not know well; for I
have never journeyed by water in these parts before, not between
here and the rapids of Sarn Eisner.  But if I am right in my
reckoning, those are still many miles ahead, and I hear there are a
few cheap eateries along the way, at least until we get there."
  To Sam in the leading boat was given the task of watchman, in
addition to his duties as squire, cook, washing boy, latrine digger,
porter, second oarsman, and all-around lackey.  "From each according
to his abilities..." he chanted stoically, as he stood at the head of
the boat and tried to imagine that he was standing in the basement
of Bag End.  The pale foam of the River lashed against sharp rocks
that were thrust far into the stream like a ridge of teeth, and Sam
and Morrie emptied their stomachs into the swirling waters for the
third time that night.  Morrie wistfully noted that they had had
only ONE dinner to throw up.  "Please remain seated at all times,"
intoned Aragon, in a strange voice.
  "Hoy there, Aragon!" shouted Boromir™, as his boat lurched up
and down, smashing into the leader but curiously not moving
laterally.  "This is madness!  We cannot ride the Rapids by night!
But no boat can live in Sarn Eisner, be it night or day."
  "Back, back!" cried Aragon.  "Turn!  Turn if you can!"  He drove
his paddle into the water, trying to hold the boat and bring it
round.  The boats seemed completely unable to turn, but Aragon,
Sam, Boromir™, Lego-lass, and Arwen were able to push them
back up the river with strenuous rowing.
  "I am out of my reckoning," whispered Aragon to Frodo.  "I did 
not know that we had come so far: Anduin flows faster than I thought.
Sarn Eisner must be close at hand already."
  "You're a little out of shape, too," noted Frodo, hearing the
ragged panting in Aragon's voice.

  As the boats slowly inched back up the river and came to a 
complete stop, Frodo felt the keel beneath him grate upon stone.
  At that moment there was a twang of bowstrings: several arrows
whistled overhead, and some fell among them.  One smote Frodo 
between the shoulders, about halfway between the Morgul-knife scar
in front and the orc-spear wound on his side.  Frodo felt like a
hobbit-kebab as he lurched forward with a cry, sure that he was
going to get tetanus from that cursed suit of mithril mail this
time.  A second arrow passed through Lego-lass's hair, but
fortunately the huge hairdo she had acquired in Lorien had confused
the archer.  A third arrow stood fast in the gunwale of the second
boat, close by Morrie's hand.  "Please keep your hands inside the
boat at all times," suggested Aragon helpfully.
  "<i>Yrch</i>!" said Lego-lass.
  "Did that arrow get you?" cried Giggly.
  "No, orcs!" she replied.
  Now that Lego-lass had pointed them out, Sam thought he could
glimpse orcs in crude camouflage running to and fro upon the long
shingle-banks that lay under the eastern shore.  They were all dressed
as shrubberies.  Strangely enough, there were no other shrubs of any
kind on the banks.
  "That idiot Gullible!  Look at him trying to hide behind that orc,"
said Sam to Frodo.
  Suddenly a black-feathered arrow sprouted from the torso of the 
orc in question and he fell over, revealing a quivering dark shape, 
nearly unclothed and crouched low, who scrambled into the rocks.  
"Well, in this case, it seems to have worked," remarked Frodo wryly.
  Sam leaned foward, straining at the paddles, as the boats continued
to move backwards in a straight line, one against another.  Even the
rest of the Company took a hand now that real danger was imminent.
Every moment they expected to take an arrow through the eye.  Aragon
was especially anxious about this as it had actually happened to his
father while he was "on errantry" with Arwen's brothers, or so they
said.  Many projectiles whined overhead or struck the water nearby;
but there were no more hits.  As it turned out, elven cloaks and
grey boats were very good camouflage in the Grey Lands, much better
than shrubberies.
  Stroke by stroke they labored on.  In the darkness, it was hard to
tell that they were indeed moving at all (in fact, they were moving
much slower upstream than the orcs, who had far overestimated the
Company's rowing ability and completely lost track of them, even
with their night-eyes).  At last, as far as they could judge, they
had broken free of the rapids and were able to gradually row
towards the western shore.  Under the shadow of the bushes leaning
out over the water they halted and waited while Sam, who had done
most of the rowing while the boats were jammed together, caught
his breath and tried not to cough up a lung.
  Lego-lass laid down her paddle and took up the +three bow that she had
brought from Lorien.  Then she sprang ashore and climbed a little
way up the bank.  Stringing the bow and fitting an arrow she turned,
peering back over the river into the darkness.  Across the water
there were some whistles and catcalls, but nothing could be seen.
Lego-lass turned away, sorry that she had not found a target to aim
at but a little relieved that she could not see the orcs whistling
at her, either.  But now great clouds advanced from the South,
obscuring sections of the starry fields.  The Company suddenly felt
a fear of the dark much like Sam's fear of the river.
  "<i>Elbereth Gilthoniel!</i>" sighed Lego-lass as she looked up.  Even
as she did so, a dark shape, like a cloud and yet not a cloud, for
it moved far more swiftly, came out of the blackness in the South, 
and sped towards the Company, blotting out all light as it
approached.  Soon it appeared as a great winged creature, blacker
than the pits in the night.  Fierce voices rose up to greet it
from across the water.  Frodo felt a sudden recognition running
through him and the memory of an old, old fear.  He crouched down,
as if to hide.
  Suddenly the great bow of Lorien sang.  It gave a rather marginal
rendition of <i>Laer Cu Beleg</i> (the Song of the Great Bow), as the bow
was accustomed to singing duets with its archer and was simply not a
good soloist.  Frodo looked up just as the song reached a crescendo.
Almost above him the winged shape swerved.  There was a harsh
croaking scream, as it fell out of the air, vanishing down into the
gloom of the eastern shore. The sky was empty again.  There was a
tumult of many voices far away, scattered curses, shouts, and wailing
in the darkness, and then silence.  Neither shaft nor cry came again
from the east that night.
  After a while Aragon led the boats back upstream.  They felt their
way along the water's edge to a small shallow bay where they awaited
the dawn.  A thin smoke wafted down from the east, borne by a very
light wind.
  "Praised be the bow of Galadriel, and the hand-eye coordination of
Lego-lass!" said Giggly, as he munched a <i>twinkie</i>.  He marveled at
the tensile strength of elf hair.  "That was a mighty shot in the
dark, my friend!"  Even Arwen could not suppress a hearty "you go,
girl!" but the Men looked away, embarassed.
  "But who can say what it hit?" said Lego-lass.
  "I cannot," said Giggly.  "But you were right to shoot first and
ask questions later.  I am glad that the shadow came no nearer.  Too
much it reminded me of the shadow in Moira - the shadow of the
Balrog," he ended in a whisper.
  "It was not a Balrog," said Frodo, still shivering with a strange
sense of foreboding.  "I think it was - "  Then he paused and fell
silent.
  "What do you think?" asked Boromir™ eagerly, seeming to catch
Frodo's meaning.
  "I think - no, I will not say," answered Frodo.  "Whatever it was,
its fall has thrown our enemies into disarray."
  "So it seems," said Aragon, his face still red.  He could not look
Lego-lass or Arwen in the eye.  "But what the day will show who can
tell?  Have your weapons close to hand!"  With this he hefted
Endurit and flexed his biceps ostentatiously.

  Sam sat tapping the hilt of his sword with a dumbfounded look, and
looking up at the sky.  No one noticed this, of course, but at length
he murmured, "It's very strange.  The Moon's the same in the Shire
and in Wilderland, but it seems to be running slower.  You'll remember,
Mister Frodo, that it was waning as we lay up in that tree; a week
from the full, I reckon.  And we'd been a week out of Lorien when up
pops a New Moon thin as an anorexic barrow wight.  Anyone would think
that time did not count in the Elvish country!"
  Lego-lass and Frodo, hearing a now-familiar sloshing from the east
bank, exchanged significant looks.  "Perhaps that was the way of it,"
said Frodo, too loudly for Sam's liking.  "In that land, maybe, we
were in a time that has elsewhere long gone by - ISN'T THAT RIGHT,
LEGO-LASS?" he ended almost in a shout.
  "QUITE SO, Frodo," answered Lego-lass.  "Time tarries in fair Loth-
lorien, so that those who dwell at its heart do not age at all, even 
as centuries pass in the surrounding lands.  Why, we were probably in
there six or seven hundred years!  How many generations of Bagginses 
have grown and gone in the Shire, do you think?"  Suddenly from a 
shadowed alcove on the bank there was a gasp, a strangled cry that 
turned into a hoarse wailing, and then a steady muted slamming as if 
of a soft object on a rock.
  Frodo mused, "The wearing of time must be slowed by the power of the
Lady.  Rich are the hours in Caras Galadhon, where Galadriel wields
the Elven-ring."
  "SHHHH!" hissed Arwen sotto voce.  "Grandma's really sensitive about
her jewelry.  See that Elfstone she gave Aragon?  That's a common
semiprecious stone, a copper a dozen in Rivendell.  She says that if
he expects to ever wear the real emerald, he'd better show he
deserves it."  Her voice sounded none too confident to Frodo.
  The night passed silently.  No sloshing or head-banging was heard
again from the water.  The travellers huddled in their boats felt
the weather getting warmer and moister as the River took them towards
the still-distant sea.  The rushing of the rapids grew louder as the
the Company was tested and found wanting in whitewater skills.  A
white fog swathed the shore; the far bank could not be seen.
  "I can't abide fog," said Sam, "but maybe it will hide us from those
cursed goblins."
  "Orcs, you mean?" queried Morrie.
  "Same difference," snapped Frodo quickly.
  "What IS the difference?  Old Bilbo never did explain---" yammered 
Pipsqueak.
  "Enough, you silly hobbits!" cried Boromir™.  "Where in Middle-earth
would anyone find petty nitpickers such as you?!"
  "Quiet, all of you!" interjected Aragon.  "I'm trying to chart our
course past Sarn Eisner and down to the Emyn Mail."
  Boromir™ said, "If we are almost at the Emyn Mail, I do not see
why we cannot just abandon these boats---"
  "YES! YES!  OH, SWEET ELBERETH, YES!  WOO-HOO!" screamed Sam.
  "We can, if we are making for Minas Tirith™," countered Aragon,
"but that is not yet agreed.  And such a course may be more perilous
than it sounds.  The vale of Mentwash is flat and fenny, and Sam
would have a hard time lugging nine packs through it on foot.
I would not abandon our boats until we must.  The River is at least
a path that cannot be missed."
  Sam looked as if he would willingly carry the Company's baggage all
the way to Mount Viagra to be rid of the boats now.  In truth, he
was seriously entertaining the notion of borrowing the Ring the next
time Frodo was asleep.  Surely Master Frodo would not notice its
absence for the short minute it would take to "convince" Aragon to
hack the boats to pieces with Endurit or do away with them himself.
  "But the Enemy holds the eastern bank," objected Boromir™.
"And even if you pass the Gates of Argonath and are admitted to the
other side, what will you do then?  Leap down the Falls and land in
the marshes?"
  "Hah!  Shows how much YOU know!" answered Aragon.  "If you were as
competent a leader as I am, you would have Sam bear our boats by the
ancient way to Rauros-foot, and there take to the water again."
(Hurin making his last stand at the Fen of Screech could not have
looked more fell than Sam did at this moment.)  "Did you not know,
Boromir™, or do you choose to forget about the North Stair, and
the high seat upon Momin Hen, that were made in the days of the
great kings?  Huh?  Didya?"
  After some browbeating Boromir™ admitted that he had heard of
Momin Hen and the North Stair, but that they had slipped his mind in
his hurry to get back to his home city before it was razed by a
hundred thousand Mordor orcs.  "It is not the way of the Men of
Minas Tirith™ to desert their friends at need," he said, "and you
will need my strength, if ever you are to reach the Tindrock.  To
the tall isle I will go, but no further.  There I shall turn to my
home, alone if my help has not earned the reward of any
companionship."  At this Boromir™ turned a puppy dog gaze on
each member of the Company in turn.  Even Lego-lass was moved by
the sheer pathos of his expression.  Millenia of stewardship and all
the courtly brown-nosing skill that they entailed were not lost on
Boromir™.  Aragon was left with a hefty guilt trip, but being
engaged to Arwen for over thirty years had taught him how to shake
those off quickly.
  The fog lifted as the day grew and Aragon and Lego-lass prepared
to go scouting ahead.  Aragon hoped to find a short-cut.  "Boats
of the Elves might not sink," he said, "but that does not say that
we should come through Sarn Eisner with a penny to our names.  None
have done so yet."
  "Well, it was nice knowing you, Aragon," smirked Boromir™.  The
expenses of this land were enumerated in many a tale told to
frighten Gondorian™ children, princes being no exception.
  "Wait for one week," said Aragon.  "If we do not return in that
time, then you will know that evil has indeed befallen us (or that
we have found a REALLY good dinner buffet).  Then you must take a
new leader and follow her as you will."  Arwen had been looking a
trifle jealous and Aragon hoped that this would mollify her.
  As Frodo saw Aragon and Lego-lass climb the steep bank and vanish
into the mists, he had a feeling that they weren't coming back.
Little did he know that the rest of the Company was thinking
likewise; but all their fears proved groundless.  In less than
half a day, Aragon and Lego-lass came staggering back, looking
well-fed.
  "All is well," said Aragon, as he clambered down the bank.  "Not
only is there a track, but there is a whole strip of inexpensive
fast food joints only an hour's hike downstream.  There is no
buffet, but all manner of diners are there.  There is even a little
fruit stand if you fancy a bit of dessert."
  As promised, Sam was laden with a boat, though Giggly and Boromir™
magnanimously carried the packs.  In two trips the Company was
able to bring both the goods and the boats along the portage-way
to the cheap dining district that Aragon had mentioned.  Giggly
was at first disappointed that there were really only four very
shoddy-looking shacks, but suddenly his eyes brightened.  A sign
in the back of the food court read:

                     <b>DURIN'S LAST STAND
                      OVER One Hundred Forty SERVED</b>

"Surely this is a franchise of the hamburger chain founded by our
ancient forefather, perhaps the only remaining one in Middle-earth,
or at least on this side of the Misty Mountains!"
  The proprietor, an aged Dwarf, came hobbling out.  Giggly and the
hobbits, not having tasted fast food for months, were most eager
to place their orders, and Frodo ordered an extra six-piece box of
chicken nuggets.  The Dwarf swore that his special sauce was handed
down from Mahal himself, "or my name's not Max Goldstein."
  "Your name is Max Goldstein?" piped Pipsqueak.
  "What of it?" said Max.  "I am a Dwarf.  If you prick us, do we
not bleed?"
  "Hey, where's my pound-o-flesh burger?" shouted Boromir™.
  Max was unfazed.  "If you tickle us, do we not laugh?"  He tickled
Giggly for emphasis and was rewarded with a long giggling fit.  "If
you poison us, do we not turn to stone?" he continued.
  "Actually, they say that's an old wives' tale..." started Giggly, 
but Max continued.
  "And if you wrong us, do we not hold a helluva grudge?"
  Lego-lass laughed, "Aye, that you do!"; but Max laughed in return
and called to his assistant, a Dwarvish boy who struck up a lively
tune as Max started dancing with the Elves.
  As Max's other assistant served the Men, Arwen declined to order,
citing a need to watch her weight.  She and Lego-lass walked to
the other side of the food court, where a very run-down hut sat
next to the river.  The lettering was nearly worn off in several
places on the sign:

                <b>PEDRO'S MELONS AND MINNOWS
                   FRESH FRUIT AND BAIT</b>

The Elves went in.  From behind the counter stepped a thin Elf who
introduced himself as Pedro.  "You ladies have no idea how hard it
is to get business in these parts," he sighed.
  "Maybe you should advertise," suggested Lego-lass.
  "Are you kidding?  I've advertised from here to the Eregion gate
of Moira, but it's had no effect."
  "Really?  We just came from Moira."
  "And you didn't see my ads?  I should have known.  They've probably
worn thin after all these years.  I haven't had time to go back and
touch them up, you know."
  Arwen had a small ambrosia salad and Lego-lass ordered half of a
cantaloupe.  The two of them wished Pedro improved luck and started
back to rejoin the Company.
  Suddenly Arwen caught something out of the corner of her eye.  "Come
on, Lego-lass!" she cried.  "I decided to get a nonfat Elvish latte
at Max's..."  Suddenly she grabbed Lego-lass's hand and started to
run.  Lego-lass though this passing strange, but was distracted as
she almost tripped over Pedro's nephew playing in the street, under
a small sign whose post was formed from the shaft of a single Elvish
arrow of apparent Lorien manufacture.  The point of the arrow was
jammed into a smoking cart around which several orcs were busily
setting up, and upon which others in aprons were busily carving with
their scimitars while shoving each other around.  From the top of the
sign extended a very large feather.   Arwen shot a glance backward:

                    <b>BAR-B-Q EEGIL BURGURS</b>

She shook her head sadly and pulled harder on Lego-lass's hand.
  Back at Durin's Last Stand, Max was still dancing.  He had formed a
line with both of his assistants and they were performing a dance that
the hobbits had last seen in the Old Forest.  When they finished, the
Company applauded politely.  Max explained that he had learned the
dance from a traveling troupe that had recently passed through the
Grey Lands on its way to a nine-city tour of Gondor™.  He showed a
flier for the troupe to the travellers:

                 <i>TOM BOMBADIL'S RIVERPRANCE™
           Coming soon to a mannish citadel near you!</i>

"I've been advertising for them with these fliers, but it's so hard
to distribute them that I'm afraid I'm not much help," said Max.
  "Why don't you just use Eagles?" suggested Boromir™.  "They could,
well, fly them for you."
  "I had the same idea, and finally hired an air courier through the
Emyn Mail Post Office last month, but he never came back from this
week's delivery.  I wonder why..."
  Arwen bent low and whispered something to Frodo that made him blanch.
"I feared it was so," was all he said, and Lego-lass could not get
him to explain further.
  Soon it began to rain, as the Company sat under one of Max's awnings
and nodded off one by one.  Slowly the sky above grew lighter and
the clouds parted to reveal the black, paved hills of Emyn Mail,
closer than ever.  The next morning the travellers bade farewell to
Max and launched their boats into a wide ravine.
  Frodo peering forward saw in the distance two great rocks approaching:
like great pinnacles or pillars of stone they seemed.  Tall and sheer
and ominous they stood upon either side of the stream.  A narrow gap
appeared between them, and the River swept the boats towards it.
  "Behold the Argonath, the Pillars of the Kings!" cried Aragon.  "We
shall pass them soon.  Keep the boats in line, and as far apart as
you can.  As always, please remain seated and keep hands and feet
inside the boats at all times."
  As Frodo was borne towards them the great pillars rose like towers to
meet him.  Giants they seemed to him, vast grey figures silent but
strangely reassuring.  Then he saw that they were indeed shaped and
fashioned: the craft and power of old had wrought upon them, and
they were frozen in perpetual welcoming postures.  Upon great
pedestals founded in the deep waters stood two great kings of stone:
still with joyful expressions they smiled upon the North.  The left
hand of each was raised palm outwards as if waving to an adoring
crowd; in each right hand there was a sack, brimming with gold.  Great
power and majesty they still wore, the silent wardens of an ancient
kingdom.  Awe fell upon Frodo, and he cowered down, shutting his eyes
as the realization dawned that no inheritance could ever match the
wealth and grandeur of these kings.  Even Boromir™ bowed as the
boats chugged by, frail and fleeting as little leaves, under the
enduring shadow of the sentinels of Numenor.  So they passed under
the dark chasm of the Gates.
  Sheer rose the dreadful cliffs on either side.  The black waters
roared as Sam shrieked to wake dead and undead alike, called for
his mommy, and finally seemed to channel the spirit of Brandobas
Took as he roared a challenge to the Nazdaq.  Frodo was convinced
that he had gone quite completely mental.
  "Fear not!" said a strange voice behind him.  Frodo turned and saw
Strider, and yet not Strider; for the weatherworn Ranger was garbed
now as a Tour Guide.  In the stern sat Aragon son of Arathon, proud
and fun-loving, guiding the boat with skillful strokes; his hood
was cast back, and his dark hair was blowing in the wind, a light
was in his eyes: a king returning from exile to his own land.
  "Fear not!" he repeated for dramatic effect.  "Long have I desired
to look upon the likenesses of Elendil and Anarchion, my sires of
old.  Under their shadow Elessar, the Elfstone son of Arathon son
of Aradud of the House of Wupdidu Elendil's son, heir of Isildur,
scion of the lords of Andunie..." - and in this fashion he
continued rambling on through his pedigree for the better part of
an hour - "... has nothing to fear!"
  Then the light of his eyes faded, and he spoke to himself: "Where
was I?  Oh, a quest to destroy the One Ring and overthrow Sauron.
Right."
  Frodo looked up.  "Is Elendil dressed like a... a giant rat?" he
asked.
  "And the other one looks like some sort of... bad-tempered
waterfowl!" Morrie added. "What kind of outfit is that?"
  "Sssssshhh!" snapped Boromir™. "Show some respect!"
  "Anarchion is depicted in the garb of the Sea-Kings," said Lego-lass.
  "... but he's got no pa--" began Pipsqueak.
  "RESPECT, dammit!" shouted Aragon, losing his kingly image for a
brief moment.
  The chasm was long and dark, and filled with the noise of wind and
rushing water and echoing stone.  It bent somewhat towards the west,
but gradually a gap of light drew near and the boats shot through
into a long oval lake.  Pale Nen Inenibubu, fenced by steep grey
hills whose sides were clad with trees, gleamed in the afternoon
light.
  "Behold Tol Brandir!" said Aragon, pointing south to the tall peak.
"Upon the left stands Momin Lhaw, and upon the right is Momin Hen,
the Hills of the Shrew and the Chicken.  In the days of the great
kings there were high seats upon them, and watch was kept there.
Tol Brandir has a nice ride inside it, which I highly recommend if
we get a chance to come back for a longer visit, but there's not
enough time to get through the line now.  And listen!  I hear the
endless voice of Riproaros calling."
  The Company rested now for a while, drifting south on the current
that flowed through the middle of the lake.  They ate some Easterling
take-out from the stand between Max's and Pedro's.  Frodo's fortune
cookie read: <i>You will soon take a cruise with an old friend.</i>
The sides of the westward hills fell into shadow, and the Sun grew
red and slowly sank as they drifted.  By nightfall, they had reached
the shadow of the dreaded paved hills.
  The tenth day of their journey was over.  Wilderland was behind them.
They could go no further without choice between the east-way and
the west.  The last stage of the Quest was before them.
  "Everyone remember where we parked," said Aragon.


Aragon, after ordering Sam to hide their boats in the brush 
alongside the river, and also mentioning that building a small trailer 
for each of the boats would greatly increase their resale value, led the 
party a short distance inland. Near the feet of Momen Hen they found a 
small glade of green grass among the bushes, with a picnic table carved 
with countless initials and an overthrown bucket of trash thoughtfully 
marked ISILDUR SAYS <i>PLEASE DO NOT LITTER!</i>
     "Here we will rest for now," Aragon said with undue solemnity. 
"Though it worries me to see that the trash collections are off. Saddened 
I am to see Momen Llaw and Momen Hen in disrepair! Once, long ago, they 
were well-known, and income-producing."
     "Not exciting enough in these modern times," Boromir™ said simply.
     The others filed in and lay down upon the green, and so relaxed and 
chatted idly about the weather while Sam made their camp, muttering quiet 
epithets to himself. After a time Frodo stepped aside and talked to 
Aragon. "Is this place safe?" he asked. "I feel a certain foreboding. 
Though it might just be that Sam's grumblings about the idle rich being 
put to slow death on a roasting spit are beginning to annoy me."
     "I do not know," Aragon replied. "Though a shadow has been on my 
heart, and a rock in my boot, ever since we arrived. A watch we will set 
tonight. Tell Sam to take care of it."
     "Er, well, I'm not sure that would make me sleep much better," Frodo 
replied. Sam was sitting off to one side by his cook-pots, sharpening a 
huge carving-knife and looking at him threateningly. Frodo put a hand 
over his throat and tried to imagine sleeping with Sam as his guard. 
"Mmmmmmaybe Sam should, er, have the night off, or we can inject him with 
tranquilizers or something."
     "Okay, you'll keep the watch instead," Aragon replied abruptly.
     Frodo blinked, and before he could answer the tall Ranger stood and 
walked over to Arwen, who said something under her breath about Frodo and 
laughed. Pipsqueak sat off to one side, asking of Morrie yet again who it 
was who had pushed him into the well in Moira; and Morrie gave another of 
his wide, honest, innocent gestures of ignorance. Giggly and Lego-lass 
stood several feet away arguing heatedly, at first about long-held Elvish 
and Dwarvish grudges, then about the differences between the sexes, and 
eventually about the virtues of single parenting. Their voices rose to a 
fierce crescendo, and they leaned in so closely to shout at one another 
that almost Frodo thought they were going to stop suddenly and kiss. 
Boromir™, in contrast, sat silently at the picnic-table, idly carving 
the initials <i>B™</i> into the tabletop with his sword, his unseeing eyes 
focused on some bitter deep internal turmoil. Eventually the initials 
were carved completely through the table; and Boromir™ continued, 
inexorably, carving his way onwards into the ground. Frodo refused to 
look in Sam's direction, though he could feel Sam's eyes boring into his 
back like twin steel drill-augers, and heard the quiet mutterings behind 
him grow gradually more menacing as Sam's dialect grew ever more 
threatening and impenetrable.
     "Keep the watch!" he said quietly to himself. "Were I surrounded by 
ten thousand Orcs, and a thousand Balrogs or three, I think I would find 
sleep easier."

     Midnight came. The growing Moon passed its zenith and began its slow 
course towards Valhalla. Frodo looked over his companions. The Fellowship 
slept fitfully, each waking at whiles to check their pockets for valued 
possessions before drowsing to sleep again. Arwen and Lego-lass sat 
quietly in Elf-fashion, not in sleep but in the half-asleep, half-awake, 
three-quarters real, one-third dream, two-fifths waking daydream, 
one-over-Pi waking daydream sleeping nightmare idling random thought 
which the Elves take in place of sleep. At length Arwen stood. "Excuse 
me," she said quietly, "I've got to go see a man about a wolverine, or 
something." She straightened her black leathers, adjusted her <i>shuriken</i> 
and throwing-knives, and stepped into the night.
     Her black, thigh-high leather boots squeaking quietly through the 
underbrush, Arwen made her way stealthily to the riverbank, where she 
crouched near the boats, checked her weapons yet again, and waited. Her 
Elvish eyes scanned the darkness, while her mind raced. <i>I'm here!</i> she 
thought proudly. <i>I've made it into the movie for sure now. No getting 
rid of </i>me<i>! No way I'm going to sit around at Dad's, writing poetry and 
knitting ugly banners while all the action's going on down here. But I'm 
not taking any chances. Not even one.</i> In this manner her thoughts ran 
wildly through the long-secluded corridors of her mind, until at length 
she heard the splashing of icky little feet just upstream. She went 
still. A slipblade dropped silently down her wrist and into the curve of 
her right hand. She held her breath and waited.
     A webbed hand, pale and slimy in the fading moonlight, reached from 
the water and grabbed the blunt end of one of the boats. A pair of 
luminous green eyes rose up behind it, and suddenly an ugly wet slimy 
horrible pathetic little fish-eating geek splashed out of the river and 
flopped squeaking into the boat. "Ick! Ick! Icky icky ick! Ssssss!" 
hissed the creature. "Musst search backpacks. Musst feel for secret 
compartments. Musst work on mastering tricksy idiosyncratic dialect. 
Yesss! Yesss, <i>pringles</i>. Yesss- <i>urrk,</i>" the figure added, as Arwen 
grabbed it by the head with her left hand and flashed the slipknife up to 
the creature's throatwith her right.
     "Listen to me, Gulible, or Gullible, or however the hell it is you 
spell your name," Arwen hissed in a quiet whisper. "I need your help."
     "Ach! Ssssss! Nassty Elven bitch! Sets us up, it doess. Stoods us 
up, humiliates uss, yesss, <i>saddam</i>! Dinner reservations we hads, yesss; 
flowerses, nice gowns it boughts for you in Moira-land. Even Orcs who 
play the violin we finds, yesss! But it stoods us up; it humiliates us; 
it leaves us with a hell of a minimum to drink up! Complete personality 
change it has wreaked, <i>saddam</i>, in convenience to plot, fortunately. 
Poor Gulllible! Tricksy Elven sstrumpet! Nassty sweet-talking 
tight-fisted leatherbound harlot! Guliblle will help you not. Voice 
lessons have I taken from Yoda."
     "Find the Orcs," Arwen continued, pressing gently on the air supply 
to the creature's lungs. "Tell them where we are. Tell them to attack the 
Fellowship exactly as the Sun reaches noon. You got that? <i>Exactly</i> at 
noon! Do that, and I'll make up for Moira. Fail, and you'll be here for 
dinner the next time I see you. As the main course. Got that?"
     "Ssssss! Nasssty crawdad! Wench! Think about it I will. Let me go! 
Give me libertine or give me death!" Gulible flapped its paws 
pathetically, fear and hatred fighting lust, and all three fighting 
common sense, which was in somewhat short supply at the moment. Arwen 
looked hard and searchingly into the creature's eyes, then released her 
grip. Gulible flapped about ludicrously and flopped over into the water 
with a <i>splash</i>, and immediately began retreating, muttering something 
unintelligible about the treachery of Emma Peel.
     Arwen looked after him in satisfaction. <i>Arwen Saves The Day!</i> the 
headlines rang in her mind. Some Orcs would attack, and then she would 
arrive heroically and singlehandedly drive them off. So simple! 
<i>Strong-willed daughter of Elvenhome saves heir of Elendil, and 
Ring-quest! Surprise Orc-ambush driven back by fierce counterattack from 
beautiful and mighty Elven-princess!</i> Glossy pictures in magazines and 
"Arwen the Morningstar" fan-clubs were soon to replace her current bleak 
future of appendices and the occasional scholarly comment about her 
geneaology. A major part in the movie would certainly be hers after this! 
She adjusted her tight leather tunic, checked her spring-darts and 
tasteful belt-flail, and made her way back quietly to the sleeping camp.

     Red dawn rose from the East, and the wind carried a smell of burning 
leaves and fiery marshmallows. Above them Tol Brandir stood, proud but 
rundown, a once-mighty mountain now waiting for a redesign and new 
weather-resistant siding. Momin Hen stood oily and desolate next to them, 
a great attraction in years gone past, now dusty and forlorn. Across the 
River Frodo could catch the rays of dawn alighting upon Momin Lhaw, and 
was saddened to think of that high place of the Atlanteans now held by 
the Enemy and used as a third-rate Orc casino.
     Sam prepared breakfast, and the Fellowship ate it in silence. Frodo 
even decided not to comment on the razor blade Sam had placed in his 
eggs. After they had finished, and Sam had completed the washing up, 
Aragon called everyone together to discuss the Quest.
     "The day has finally come," he began, "when we have to decide, once 
and for all, what the hell it is we're supposed to do next. Gandalf, El 
Rond and Galadriel all thought it incredibly important that we speed 
directly to Mount Viagra and destroy the Ring without delay. Of course, 
none of them are here to actually <i>help</i> or anything, but that's what 
they thought we ought to do for them. Boromir™, of course, wants to 
return to his native land-"
     "What time is it?" Arwen suddenly cut in, oblivious to the 
conversation. She was sitting quietly off to one side intently oiling and 
polishing her weapons.
     "Hm? Oh, uh..." Aragon answered, taken off-guard. He gazed at the 
sun and the shadows. "Oh, about ten-thirty, I think. So, Boromir™ 
wants to-"
     "Are you sure?" Arwen cut in again.
     "Yes," Aragon answered, somewhat less calmly, "I'm sure." After a 
pause he continued. "Boromir™ wants to return to his native land, the 
Magic Kingdom of Gondor™, and the great City of Minas Tirith™, 
which has long stood as a place of Magic™ and Wonder™. I, of 
course, want to go there and claim my rightful Kingship to it and 
subjugate it to my will and put Boromir™ out of a job. Though I'm sure 
we'll find something else for you, Boromir™," he added hastily. "Maybe 
an associate vice-president in charge of production, or something. 
Anyway, there is also this subpoena from Isengard to deal with, written 
in Aruman's own hand."
     "It looks a lot like Gandalf's handwriting to me," Pipsqueak cut in 
obnoxiously.
     "Yes, well, you know, wizards' handwriting all looks the same," 
Aragon replied, looking quickly at the document. "Anyway, we must now 
decide which of these three causes we shall take up first. I suggest we 
now all go directly to the fastness of Minas Tirith™, and there take 
counsel and supplies and thirty or forty thousand of my heavily-armed 
subjects to aid us in our other missions East and West."
     "Sounds good to me," Lego-lass replied.
     "Me too," chorused Morrie and Pipsqueak together.
     "I liked it the last time I was there," Arwen added, looking up 
briefly from her toe-spikes. "'Corsairs of the Tampalas' was fun."
     "From that great fastness we may strike a mighty blow against the 
Scum-lords of the East," Boromir™ agreed heartily. "Along with other 
traitors," he added darkly, his eyes boring into Frodo's back.
     "We Dwerrows have long held the long-standing and proper opinion 
that Gondor™ is a gruesome, dishonorable hell-pit of leeches and 
vipers," Giggly stated. "But if we're stuck with having to go visit 
Mordor and Aruman as well, I admit I wouldn't mind having a few divisions 
of armoured cutthroats and vicious attorneys handy to back us up."
     "Nobody cares what I think anyway," Sam said sullenly.
     "Well, then, it's settled," Aragon rejoiced. "We're going to 
Gondorland™!"
     "Well, but, uh-" Frodo began.
     Aragon stopped and stared at the puny Hobbit. Legions of his future 
subjects were awaiting his holy edict; yet here was Frodo, delaying him. 
"Yes?" he demanded.
     "Well, you see, I still have an estate in Mordor to claim! <i>Sir</i> 
Frodo Baggins of Nurnenshire, remember? My own little estate by the lake, 
with lots of vast hemp fields, and legions of cowed slaves to tend them? 
Nobility? Respectability? A title? Cucumber sandwiches, and one of those 
big long robes? You think I came along on this stupid useless low-budget 
shark-infested holiday because Gandalf had some chores to take care of? 
No, we need to go straight to Mordor! I suppose I can do something about 
the Ring once I get established, if you think it's important. I'll have 
Sam take it to the Fires of Doom once he's got my luggage rounded up. And 
yes, Sam, I'll even give you a raise for that. And one more hour of 
unpaid time off per week," he said, glancing round for his servant. Not 
finding him, however, he paused then plunged ahead. "Well, maybe skip the 
raise, then," he continued. "But Mordor calls me, and there I must go. 
Minas Tirith™ will still be there for you after I've claimed my 
estate. Probably, anyway."
     "But everyone else has voted to go to Gondor™," Aragon insisted. 
"We outvote you, so it's decided." Democracy was, after all, still a 
useful tool until he actually <i>became</i> a monarch.
     "But I have to go to Mordor!" Frodo answered.
     Seeing the glares he was getting from the rest of the Company, Frodo 
relented somewhat. "Well, okay," he agreed sullenly. "Just, uh, I, I just 
need a few minutes to think about it, is all."
     Aragon nodded. "Just be back here by noon," he replied. "Arwen's 
been very insistent about leaving just past noon."
     The meeting ended. Deeply annoyed, Frodo began wandering upwards 
along the path to the top of Momin Hen. <i>Maybe things will look less 
bleak from higher up,</i> he thought. Unnoticed by the others Boromir™ 
rose, his soul carrying enough bleak to cover four or five epic novels, 
and began ascending the path behind him. The others resumed their various 
arguments and obsessions from the day before, creatures of habit which 
they were.
     Arwen checked the angle of the sun once more. With another quick 
adjustment of the poison dart compartment at her breast, she strode back 
into the wilderness. Ten, twenty, thirty, forty paces. Nicely 
inconspicuous. Room for a running start. But enough? She increased it to 
fifty paces. Okay, be fair, sixty. Had to have the advantage of surprise, 
after all. A nice, round seventy-five paces would be perfect. She and the 
Fellowship could no longer see each other at all through the brush. Good, 
good! Complete advantage of surprise. She slipped on her spiked platinum 
knuckles, tied her hair back to increase visibility, released it again to 
increase desirability, and waited. Noon. She was impatient, but she 
forced herself to wait. After waiting two thousand years for a heroic 
opportunity like this, she could wait another hour and fifteen minutes.

     <i>Gondor™!</i> Frodo stomped his way along the path leading up Momin 
Hen, hands clenched into fists, occasionally uprooting delicate flowers 
or throwing rocks at small animals in his fury. <i>Gondor™!</i> Stupid 
useless little kingdom on the edge of being obliterated, populated by big 
clumsy Men who thought trademarks were a sign of nobility. Frodo was 
obviously more noble and genteel than the lot of that commercial 
money-grubbing rabble, that was certain. And now they wanted him to set 
aside his Eru-granted rights, his clear and unquestioned claims to 
nobility, his big castle and army of paycheck-free agricultural workers, 
and further delay the manifest destiny he obviously deserved! Oh, sure, 
the legalese of El Rond demanded that he destroy the Ring before he could 
claim his Estate; but that was just a petty legal detail. The good 
offices of Sauron would certainly take care of that minor technicality. 
Just like El Rond to needlessly complicate everything, the bloated 
million-year-old dolt. With these thoughts Frodo made his way to the peak 
of Momin Hen, where he stepped up to the observation platform. A plaque 
next to the railing, long ago damaged by weather and the graffiti of 
ancient tourists, could just be made out, though Frodo could not 
understand the forgotten language:

      <i>SCYNIC VYEW
      Myghty Gyndor strytches yut byfore yyu. Ty thy lyft ys thy myghty
  fyrtress yf Mynas Dynald, whyre yur fyne rytating rystaurant cymmands
  y splyndid vyew yf yur vynquished fyrmer ylly, Myrdor. Ty thy ryght ys
  Mynas Myckey, Tywer yf thy Mygic Kyngdom, lyoking fyrward ty thy Wyst 
  ynd wynderful Ytlantis. Bytween thym, stynding pryudly yver thy Ryver
  Ynduin, stynds Dysgiliath, thy Cyty yf Tymorrow. Tyrning ty thy Nyrth
  yyu cyn sye Gyndor's syster kyngdom, Yuroarnor, whych wy're syre wyll
  by y rysounding syccess!
      By syre ty vysit nyarby Mymin Lhyw, whyre yyu cyn lysten yn yn
  cynversations yn thy yctive bydrooms yf Gyndor ymployees!
      ONE QYATLOO - THREE MYNUTES</i>

     Looking out Frodo at first saw only a grey mist, like a fog in a 
deep morning vale, or an overly-steamy bathroom mirror. After a moment, 
however, the ancient dust gave way, and Frodo found himself able to see 
remarkable distances. Facing West he looked upon the green fields of 
Edoras, where many horses ran, with Men riding them - great tall Men with 
golden hair and a look which was, even to Frodo's untrained eyes, clearly 
and unmistakably Anglo-Saxon in every regard, pre-Normanic, possibly 
Mercian though it was hard to tell from this distance, though rather 
inexplicably they all seemed to be wearing kilts, and occasionally 
throwing a Frisbee. At the very foot of the Musty Mountains Frodo could 
just make out a tower of shimmering white, surrounded by a splendid 
garden of great beauty and ringed with a wall of beautiful, translucent 
marble. Obviously the tower of the evil heinous wizard traitor Aruman. 
Frodo quickly hurried on.
     Frodo's gaze quickly turned North. Following the line of the 
Mountains he came to the three high peaks which crowned Moira. For a 
fleeting moment he thought he had seen an old man in white sitting in a 
lounge chair beside an old man in red, drinking cocktails and laughing at 
some unheard joke; but the vision passed, and he realized that looking 
North was making him really jittery for some reason. He wheeled around 
once more to face the South.
     He saw the Sea. He saw the Off-White Mountains, proud, cold and 
pointy. His gaze picked out Minas Tirith™, and he looked upon it in 
amaze: a beautiful city, clean and immaculate, surrounded by seven walls 
of stone and surmounted by a castle with tall narrow spires of storybook 
beauty, where Frodo could just make out large numbers of people standing 
in incredibly long lines trying to look like they were still excited 
about whatever the hell it was they were waiting such unbelievable 
lengths of time for. Many of them carried souvenirs. A surprising number 
of them seemed to be wearing round black helms with mysterious 
protrusions, like Boromir's™. Every single one of them looked like 
they had spent too much money. Frodo was about to turn away when he saw - 
or thought he saw; it must have been a mistake, it <i>must</i> have been - 
some sort of giant rat walking through the avenues, waving at the people; 
who did not scream or run away, as sensible people would, from a grinning 
six-foot-tall rodent. Frodo blinked. It <i>couldn't</i> have been. Perhaps it 
was just a reflection, or something.
     Saving the best for last, Frodo turned East towards Mordor. 
Somewhere out there was the wonderful land of Nurnenshire, soon to be his 
home. His gaze crossed the River Anduin, gazing only briefly at the 
heavily-dated ruins of Disgiliath; then going further they came across 
the great dome of Minas Epcot upon the mountain-range. The sanitized 
commercialism of Gondor™ gave way to the hideous neon glitz and media 
bombardment of the Enemy. Frodo's eyes unwillingly crossed the plain, 
passing billboards innumerable and countless one-hour motels. Gas wars 
were being fought. Commercialism was rampant. Film crews were busy with 
remakes of "Flipper" and "Mr. Ed". Orcs lit bonfires upon the plain and 
toasted marshmallows by having slaves hold them into the fires for them 
with their bare hands. In the center of the hideous arid plain he saw the 
deadly sputtering fire of Mount Viagra, which no man would admit to 
seeing. Its purple flames raged up unexpectedly, then crashed down to 
silence with a dozen undocumented side-effects.
     And then Frodo saw it: a tower great and terrible, with buttresses 
of knife-edged iron, walls of impenetrable stone, doors of heavy adamant 
all marked "ENTRANCE ONLY"; battlement upon battlement, chamber upon 
chamber, window office upon window office, tall, black, immeasurably 
strong, laughing at flattery, filled with self-confidence, cracking its 
gum, telling bad jokes, and ringed with a thousand heavily-sharpened 
dinner forks: the Barad-dur, Fortress of Sauron the Terrible. Frodo stood 
as one turned to stone, unable to look away. The Ring suddenly felt 
heavier on its chain, like a great weight, dragging him downwards. In the 
Dark Tower Frodo felt an Eye which never slept; and then it became aware 
of him, a fierce will, unknowing of mercy, and now as it turned towards 
him he felt unable to move, unable to resist; and the Power came ever 
closer, reaching past Momin Lhaw, reaching towards him like an arm of 
terror; and then suddenly all went black, and there was a <i>click</i>, and 
Frodo could see no more.
     "Pesky things," Frodo muttered to himself. "No <i>wonder</i> nobody uses 
them any more. You'd think a quarter would give you more than three 
minutes. And now I'm out of change." And he kicked the great 
coin-operated binoculars on their pivoting metal base, limped back a few 
feet, and sat on a stone bench.
     After a moment Boromir™ came into the clearing. Seeing Frodo he 
immediately ran forward, drew his sword and prepared to cleave the puny 
Hobbit in half; but just as Frodo was about to scream he stopped, looked 
at his sword as if it had just been placed in his hand by a passing 
street-vendor, and laughed self-consciously as he put it back in its 
scabbard. "I, uh, I was just thinking about getting you a quarter," he 
explained lamely. "Halfling. Cut in half. Uhm, so, a quarter, you see. 
Get it? Ahh ha ha ha ha ha. Uhm. No, Really, Frodo, I am ill at ease. I 
came to talk to you. May I not sit down? The view's beautiful from up 
here. I'm surprised more people don't come by. I think a quarter for 
three minutes is very reasonable. Quite a bargain, really. Uhm. Oh, look, 
you cleaned the lenses. Jolly good. Though that's Union jurisdiction, you 
know. Could get in a lot of trouble. But I won't tell anyone if you 
don't. I mean, it's no big deal, you know, really. Um. Uh. So, uh... I 
guess you were really wanting to go to that estate in Nurnenshire, hm?"
     "Yes," said Frodo.
     "The one that the Great And Terrible Enemy Of All The Free Peoples 
is offering you."
     "That's the one," said Frodo.
     "And you believe it."
     "Well, of <i>course</i> I do!" Frodo snapped, irate. "I've got a piece of 
paper and everything. It's all official. Look," he continued, reaching 
into his jerkin and pulling out the envelope from the Nazdaq, "it's got 
official-looking seals on it, and signatures in blood-red ink and 
everything. Yes, I'm <i>sure</i> it's only ink."
     "You <i>trust</i> this?" Boromir™ demanded.
     "Well, of <i>course</i> I do!" Frodo replied haughtily. "Sauron's a big 
and important man. I'm just an insignificant little hobbit who has, by 
chance, the blood of great and honoured nobility coursing through my 
veins. Why would he deceive <i>me</i>? He knows I'd be a valuable asset to 
Nurnen, that's all. And he's right." Frodo held up his head and looked to 
the East, hoping the light would catch his face just the right way and 
let Boromir™ see, just for a moment, the nobility of ancient and 
powerful Sea-kings in his visage, but the sun went behind a cloud and he 
continued to look like a puny insignificant little hobbit who was 
sticking his lower lip out obnoxiously.
     "Maybe you aren't aware of the wiles of the Enemy," Boromir™ 
responded. "Here in Gondor™ we have been fighting a terrible battle 
against the Evil One for uncounted centuries. Once Gondor™ was a fair 
land, powerful and well thought of in the tourist trade; yet now it is 
but a shadow of its former self, bare and desolate, its concession stands 
all but closed, its parking lots bare-"
     "Looked pretty crowded through the binoculars," Frodo cut in.
     "<i>That?</i> A cruise ship from the Havens. We get those but twice a 
year, and had to make a big concession on the hotel fees even to get 
that. The rest of the time Gondor™ is a ghost town, our people 
unemployable, idle and bored. Yet that is but a part of our woes. The 
Nazdaq have conquered Minas Epcot, and made it into a place of horror-"
     "I heard it was a place of horror already," Frodo interrupted.
     "-and the Leech-king killed Eisner, the last King, in single combat; 
Eisner held two Aces and a Jack, and the Leech-king held a repeating 
crossbow with barbed and poisoned quarrels and a battleaxe-"
     "So did he bluff?" Frodo asked.
     "-and Disgiliath has fallen, and our Great Monorails can no longer 
run, and every day our defenses grow weaker. Even a single division of 
musketeers-"
     "Mouseketeers?" cut in Frodo.
     "<i>Mus</i>keteers," Boromir™ corrected, "could aid us greatly; but we 
can't get them, because gunpowder hasn't been invented yet-"
     "But we've got fireworks," Frodo interrupted pedantically.
     "Do you realize you've interrupted <i>five times</i> in the last ten 
paragraphs?" Boromir™ said angrily. "I'm trying to make you realize 
that Sauron is a damned <i>liar!</i>"
     "What?" Frodo demanded.
     "A liar! A teller of falsehoods! A deceiver of men's hearts! Why the 
hell do you think everyone's been calling him <i>evil</i>? Why do you think we 
refer to him as 'Sauron the Base Lord of <i>Treachery</i>'? That document 
you're clutching and carrying everywhere in your sweaty little fist is a 
trap, you know - a trap devised by Sauron and delivered by the Nazdaq to 
reel you in and bring you to the Dark Tower!"
     "But <i>why?</i>" Frodo demanded. "It doesn't make any sense! What would 
Sauron have to gain by trapping <i>me</i>? Use your head, Boromir™, or take 
stronger medications-"
     "Because of the Ring!" Boromir™ snapped, finally getting to 
interrupt Frodo for a change. "You have the Ring. It's Sauron's Ring. 
Sauron wants it back. And he'll torture and destroy you for it."
     "Not true! Not true!" screamed Frodo.
     "Of course it's true, dolt! Gandalf told you Sauron was a fool. El 
Rond told you too. But Sauron is no fool. He has been searching for his 
Ring, the power of which will make him stronger a thousandfold, and 
you're willing to go up and <i>hand</i> it to him! And then he would crush all 
resistance! He will destroy Gondor™-"
     "I'm not listening! I'm not listening!" Frodo screamed, sticking his 
fingers in his ears. "La la la la la la la-"
     "And then Lorien," Boromir™ shouted, "and then Rivendell, and 
Edoras, and then he will trample the Shire and put its inhabitants all to 
torture and slow death as the price for your keeping the Ring in his 
despite - will you stop singing! - and all your precious Bagginses, or 
Bagginsi, or whatever they are, will die, and all the Brandybottles will 
die-"
     "No! No! No! No! No!" Frodo yelled in agony.
     "-and all the Tooks will die-"
     "<i>No!</i>" screamed Frodo. "<i>No!</i> Sauron would <i>never</i> hurt Cassiopeia! <i>You
damnable liar!</i>" And with that Frodo drew Sting and stabbed 
Boromir™ through the abdomen.
     "Aaaaaaaaaggggghhhh!" screamed Boromir™, and fell.

     Frodo looked at Boromir™. The powerful Man was trying to raise 
himself up onto his hands and knees, gasping desperately. <i>Oh my Eru!</i> 
Frodo thought. <i>What have I done! I've killed Boromir™! It's murder! 
Oh my Eru!</i> He dropped Sting but then picked it up again to wipe it free 
of fingerprints, which only succeeded in getting even more of 
Boromir™'s blood onto his hands and tunic. <i>Damn,</i> he thought.
     Boromir™ crawled away into the brush. <i>Maybe nobody will find 
him,</i> Frodo thought, looking after him. <i>Yeah. That's fine. Or maybe we 
were attacked by Orcs. Everybody'd be fine with that. Maybe I'll say he 
attacked me first. After all, he's been acting pretty strange lately. 
I'll say he wanted the Ring. And I had to stab him.</i>
     <i>But who'd believe that?</i> Frodo answered himself. <i>We were going to 
go to Gondor™. Why would he take the Ring </i>here<i>? What would he want 
the Ring </i>for<i>, anyway? No, nobody'll buy a story like that. It's too 
implausible an idea.</i>
     "I've got to get out of here," Frodo said aloud to himself. "I'll go 
to Mordor alone. Sauron will protect me. Diplomatic immunity. After all, 
I'm a nobleman. And Boromir™ was an enemy of Mordor, after all. I'll 
have done Sauron a service. He should be grateful." And with that Frodo 
looked about, chose a path that would take him back to the boats without 
going near the others, and departed.
     A pair of eyes gleamed from the underbrush. Underneath them could 
just be seen a mouth frowning in consideration. Then the eyes departed, 
also going down Momin Hen but by a faster way.

     "Are you telling me Feenamint wasn't an inventor?" Lego-lass demanded.
     "No, that's <i>not</i> what I said," Giggly answered with some heat, "I'm 
just saying he didn't do anything <i>original</i>. Now Oolee, now <i>he</i> made 
some truly original things. <i>He</i> was creative! Feenamint had good crafts 
skills, but he didn't really make anything very <i>inspired</i>, now did he?"
     "I'd like to see you make a <i>slipcast</i>," Lego-lass said pointedly.
     "Oh, sure, the <i>slipcast</i>; but he couldn't make the <i>light</i>, now 
<i>could</i> he?" Giggly said, triumphant.
     "Nooo, he got <i>that</i> from the <i>plants</i>," Lego-lass smiled archly. 
"And that was Lavanna's work. Nothing to do with ol' Oilee whatsoever."
     "<i>Oolee,</i>" Giggly corrected.
     "Anyway you don't see Dwaerrowseses making light or great jewels or 
anything, but they burn plenty of plants for firewood, or just for fun-"
     "I'm not willing to listen to these <i>add himinem</i> attacks-"
     But just then their engaging conversation was interrupted as 
Boromir™, his hands over his bleeding midriff, stumbled headlong into 
the clearing. "Frodo!" he gasped. "It was Frodo-" And then he fell 
forward upon his face.
     "Ai! Ai!" Lego-lass shrieked, and she and Giggly threw their arms 
around one another. The Dwarf drew his axe. "Fear nothing!" he giggled. 
"If I see that halfling bastard I'll protect y-..." And then with a 
sudden mutual impulse they leaped away from one another, both fighting 
shock and horror and some idea even more terrifying.
     Aragon jumped to his feet. "The Ringbearer!" he yelled. "He's gone 
amok. We must now bring him to justice. Gimlet! Legless! Find my beloved 
Aardvark! Mungo, you and Piglet guard Boring® here. Meet me back at the 
boats!" And with that Aragon drew his sword and dashed up the path of 
Momin Hen. "<i>Endurit! Endurit!</i> Fear me, little Shire rat-bag!" he shouted.
     Giggly and Lego-lass, themselves caught in a moment of utter 
emotional uncertainty, made for the west-path together, then for separate 
paths, then paused; then wordlessly reaching a decision the two followed 
Aragon up the trail, close after one another, but not <i>too</i> close.
     A long silence fell. Moribund thoughtfully pulled out his pipe. 
"Soooo, Boromir™," Morrie said slowly. "I think I've got some bandages 
in my pack... How much are they worth to you?"

     Pipsqueak, sitting on a log watching Morrie bargain with the wounded 
Man, looked about the clearing idly. The grass was green, the trees and 
brush provided gentle shade and protection from the winds, and the 
foliage was beautiful to look upon. But then he saw something else, 
something subtly different in the trees, and a new and somewhat 
disquieting thought occurred to him.
     <i>When we came down the River,</i> he thought to himself, <i>there were 
those Orcs jumping around on the plains who looked a lot like trees. 
Being out on the plains it wasn't very effective camouflage, like Strider 
said. But in a place like this, with trees and bushes all the way around 
you... boy, if they looked like trees, I bet a whole battalion of Orcs 
could creep right up on you and you wouldn't even notice - unless you 
happened to look up at just the right moment.</i>
     "Uh, Morrie?" Pipsqueak said aloud in a quiet falsetto. "Uh, you 
might want to stop talking for a minute and look over here..."

     <i>Killer! Butcher! Murderer!</i> Voices of guilt rang through Frodo's 
mind like mighty church-bells. <i>You fool! They'll give you the Chair for 
this.</i> What he meant by that he hardly knew, yet it frightened him. He 
envisioned a merciless and mighty Executioner beating him over the head 
with an immense, heavy chair. <i>Mordor's my only hope. I've got to get to 
the boats. I've got to get to the boats!</i>
     Frodo stumbled blindly through the trees. He thought he heard some 
screaming off in the distance towards the camp, but it could just as 
easily have been the voices pointing fingers and crying <i>J'accuse!</i> in 
the labyrinths of his mind. There was also a <i>crunching</i> sound, a sound 
like breaking wood, which he disregarded until he reached the River, 
where he found Sam smashing the last of their three boats with Giggly's 
spare axe.
     "Sam! What the hell are you <i>doing!?</i>"
     Sam looked up. There was an evil look on his face, an evil smirk in 
his eye. "That's <i>Mister</i> Sam Gamgee to you, ye bourgeois Shire-born 
hobgoblin," Sam answered, hefting the axe with his strong working-class 
hands. "An' what I'm doin' is wreckin' these nasty seedy little 
death-traps afore ye try to use 'em again."
     "But we've got to escape!" Frodo said dementedly. "There were Orcs! 
<i>Hundreds</i> of 'em! And they attacked me, and they killed Boromir™, and-"
     "No Orcs attacked ye," Sam replied, his dialect thick and pointed. 
"It was you as attacked Mister Boromir™, of the Royal House of 
Gondor™; and that's <i>his</i> blood there on your hands, it is, and all of 
Ulmune's oceans won't be enough t' wash ye clean of it. Aye, Mister 
Frodo, an' there's no denyin' it. I know all aboot it."
     "That's crazed," Frodo parleyed. "If I had killed Boromir™, how 
would <i>you</i> know-"
     "Because I followed ye," Sam snapped. "After sneakin' in to the 
Council of El Rond, and followin' ye t' see the Lady's bath an' all, ye 
think I'd let <i>this</i> meeting go by unobserv'd? Nae, Mister Frodo, nae; 
and I do it because I don't trust ye, ye wee cutthroat. I scouted out all 
the paths, and I watched ye go up the great Hen, and I watched 
Boromir™ tell ye about Mordor an' Sauron's treachery, and I saw ye go 
nutso an' stab him. An' I knew ye'd be headin' for the boats - the nasty, 
accurs'd boats," he shuddered - "an' seein' as I had nae the stomach for 
'em anyway, I did ye out of 'em an' satisfied meself doubly. So there's 
no goin' on, Mr. Frodo. Or should I say Mr. Mud."
     "Sam, Sam," Frodo said, shifting mental gears and trying for 
supplication. "I had to do it. I had no choice. He was trying to stop me 
from going to Nurnenshire."
     "And claimin' your estate," Sam sneered.
     "Yes," Frodo answered, "and claiming my estate. Sam! I would have 
agreed to anything, if you could have helped me; but now the boats are 
smashed, and my hope is lost. I feared it was so. Damn it." And Frodo sat 
down heavily on the remains of one of the broken keels.
     Sam looked at his master long and thoughtfully. "You'd've gone 
straight into Mordor?" he asked.
     "Yes," Frodo answered. "Of course I would. Where the hell else would 
I go?"
     "And you'd agree to anything t'get there?"
     "Sure. Anything," Frodo said despondently. He played idly with a 
twisted oarlock.
     Sam looked at him appraisingly. "So if I had a way to get you into 
Mordor, you'd go there willingly, and you'd agree to anything to be able 
t' do it?"
     Something about Sam's tone made Frodo look up. "Sam? Is there 
another boat here or something?" he asked, rising to his feet. "If you're 
holding out on me-"
     "Keep your hands away from th' sword!" Sam demanded, wielding the 
axe and producing a handful of deadly cutlery. "I'm only sayin' as I 
<i>may</i> be able to help you. To go to Mordor. But only on certain conditions."
     "What conditions?" Frodo said desperately. "Name them!"
     Sam leaned back, cheerfully. "We-ell," he said slowly, "for 
starters, I get a pay raise. Fifty percent. An' retroactive to the 
beginning of last year."
     "<i>Fifty</i> per c-" Frodo started, then stopped himself. He could 
almost hear the rest of the Fellowship coming with bright keen Swords of 
Justice. "Oh, okay. All right. But only if we can leave right n-"
     "<i>And</i> you has t' carry your half of the baggage," Sam continued, 
indicating the heavy packs lying next to one of the smashed boats.
     "Oh, all right," Frodo replied. Under Sam's watchful gaze he 
shouldered one of the packs. It was astonishingly heavy. Frodo had never 
done menial labor before. "All right," he answered, trying to inhale. 
"All right. That's only fair, I supp-"
     "AND you'll be doing half the cooking throughout the rest of the 
trip," Sam continued. "And the washing-up. And you'll stand half the 
watches. And give <i>me</i> the wake-up calls from now on."
     "Ho-kay," Frodo gasped. He was concentrating on the pack.
     "And before you go to Sauron to claim your little estate in 
Nurnenshire, ye'll write up a legal document that gives me complete 
ownership of Bag End," Sam added. "As a little bonus for years of long 
service. If you're profiting, I'm profiting too."
     "Bag End! Oomph," Frodo said, trying to find his new center of 
gravity. How had Sam <i>carried</i> this thing for so long? "What do you want 
<i>that</i> for?... Well, all right, very well; I won't be needing it anyway."
     "And just in case Boromir™ is right about the Ring," Sam added, 
"I don't want no Dark Baddies takin' over the Shire just when I'm about 
to come into my own. So ye'll be destroyin' the Ring before ye try to 
contact any officials or claim any Estate."
     "Blackmail! Foul, tricky besotted blackm- Well, all right, I 
suppose; as long as it's on the way," Frodo answered, trying desperately 
to stay calm.
     "<i>And</i> there won't be any more lickin' of fingers, or suckin' of 
toes or any other personal displays o' th' sort; an' if ye try it I'll 
cut your throat then and there, Mister Frodo. An' <i>that's</i> a <i>fact,</i>" Sam 
added vehemently. "Swear to all that. Swear by the Deed."
     "The <i>Deed</i>?" Frodo asked.
     "Aye, the Deed," Sam answered. "By the Deed to Nurnenshire. Crooked 
as a three-dollar bill it may be, but it has a hold o' your soul, and 
ye'll never break that oath if ye want to enjoy your <i>estate.</i>" Sam 
fairly spat out the last word, as though he had just avoided saying 
<i>comeuppance</i> instead.
     "All right," Frodo answered. "I swear by the Deed to Nurnenshire 
that I shall go straight to Mordor, and to give you a fifty per cent pay 
raise retroactive to last year, and to carry half the baggage and do half 
the cooking and washing-up, and half the watches and wake-up calls, and 
give you a legal claim to Bag End before claiming the Estate, and destroy 
the Ring first, and not try to get you excited or suck on your fingers or 
toes or any other appendages. So help me Deed.
     "Now, Sam," Frodo continued, as the pack straps dug painfully into 
his shoulders, "how do you propose we get across the River? Fly? Swim? 
Use that fourth boat you were keeping hidden in your mess-kit for later? 
Smelt some iron, forge a shovel and tunnel our way under?"
     Sam smiled smugly. "We-ell, Mr. Frodo, I thought we'd walk a little 
bit farther South, and then walk across on that disused track for 
Boromir™'s ol' Monorail. See, it goes right across the water, there, 
straight over to Momin Lhaw."
     "Sam! You're a genius!" Frodo laughed.
     And soon later two little figures could just be made out walking 
across the narrow track towards the Eastern side of the River, one 
already starting to feel the weight of his great burden, and each with a 
hope in their hearts. For one of them went to Mordor hoping that the 
stories of Sauron's hatred and lust for vengeance upon Frodo would prove 
utterly false, and the other went hoping those same stories would prove 
satisfyingly true.



     Time passed. The shadows moved slowly. Before long the sun reached 
its zenith.
     "Aaaaiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeaiaiaiaiaiaiaiaia ha ha ha <i>hahahaaaaaaa!</i>" 
The brush burst aside! A burst of deadly <i>shuriken</i> flew through the air, 
each cutting through the air of the clearing with a searing whine and 
embedding themselves into the trunks of trees. With a sudden flash of 
black leather a lithe figure leaped into the clearing, <i>ronin</i>-blade in 
one hand, sharpened darts in the other, keen-eyed, beautiful, confident 
and vicious. "Fear not!" the figure shouted. "Mighty <i>Arwen</i>, 
warrior-princess, is <i>here!</i>..."
     After a moment the silence continued to greet her. She stopped. She 
paused. She looked at the sun. It was noon. It was <i>noon</i>! Where the hell 
<i>was</i> everyone? She looked about the empty clearing, angry, yet a 
desolation crept upon her heart. Did they leave <i>early</i>? Why would they 
do that? And where the hell were the <i>Orcs</i>?
     Was she too late?
     She checked the sun yet again. It <i>must</i> be noon! Must be. Maybe. 
Unless... unless they measured noon differently in southern climes. Or 
something. Anyway, why would they leave <i>without</i> her? Had they forgotten 
her? Those <i>bastards!</i>
     There was some blood on the ground, trailing off towards Momin Hen. 
Probably Aragon had got another one of his nosebleeds. She'd <i>told</i> him 
high altitudes weren't good for him. There was some black stuff on the 
ground as well, a lot of it, which she might have identified as Orc-blood 
if she'd led a less sheltered life. <i>Tree-sap,</i> she thought to herself. 
<i>Probably just some sort of tree-sap.</i>
     Arwen sat down dejectedly. She began idly throwing her 
silvered-steel darts at the picnic table. Every step she took went wrong. 
Every attempt to get more coverage in the movie seemed to backfire on 
her. She couldn't even get a <i>mention</i> in Chapter Seven. Dammit! What the 
hell <i>was</i> this? Some sort of <i>conspiracy</i>?
     For a long moment the Elven-maid sat there, alone, her eyes unseeing.

     Finally she stood. She pulled a few of the less-damaged <i>shuriken</i> 
back out of the trees where they had lodged. The throwing-darts she 
ignored. <i>Gondor™</i>, she thought. <i>They were going to Gondor™. To 
Minas Tirith™. Everyone was agreed. Well, I'll just follow them and 
meet them there. I shouldn't miss more than a chapter or two before I'm 
back with the others again. And Aragon had better have a damn good excuse 
for leaving me like this, the bastard.</i>
     With a final shrug Arwen picked up her pack, tied her hair back for 
practicality and left it there, and proceeded South, her feet tracking a 
perfect line straight towards Minas Tirith™. She knew her way there, 
and she knew the others were going straight there as well. <i>This</i> time 
everything would work out. This time she was <i>certain</i> to be central to 
the plot. This time.
