Pipsqueak looked out from the shadow of Gandalf's bulk.  He
wondered if he was awake or still sleeping, still in the hazy
somnambulant state in which he had spent most of the time since their
hasty departure from Edoras.  He blinked a few times, and tried to
recall the events that had led to their journey.
    The camp had been returning to sleep after Aragon had claimed the
Palantarium as his own,  when a brief musical ringing sound suddenly
emanated from the artifact.  Gandalf leapt up, rigid with fear, his
hands clenched.  "The Instant Messenger of Mordor!" he cried.  "The
configuration files are still there!"  Aragon, who had stooped to
investigate the noise, stood and looked at Gandalf questioningly. 
Drawn by the commotion, others in the camp gathered round as well.
    Gathering his wits, Gandalf ventured, "Aruman must have planted
incriminating evidence in the Palantarium when he held me captive, and
given Sauron himself the means to reach me at will."  Observing the
dubious looks of those around him, he rushed on.  "Clearly, the plots
of the traitor Aruman and his dark master run even deeper than we
feared.  Only haste will serve us now!  Wait not for the dawn!  Let
the swift not wait for the slow!  Act now, think later!  Run!"
    As the startled riders and companions hastily broke camp in a rout
of confusion and began to speed off singly and in pairs toward Deem's
Help, Gandalf grabbed Pipsqueak and tossed him onto Slimshade's back. 
"You looked into the stone, you're coming with me," he said, and then
to himself, "Good insurance, too."  After a grunt as Gandalf settled
on his back, Slimshade trotted off into the night.

    All that had been many long days ago, and Pipsqueak was now even
more tired and sore than after his run across Edoras with Cedric and
Clarence.  As he woke more fully, he heard Gandalf muttering angrily
at himself, and caught a few scattered phrases: "didn't even clear the
browser history... buddy list... oh Eru, the bookmarks, too..."  The
wizard seemed thoroughly cross, and he wasn't making a bit of sense.
    "What are you saying, Gandalf?" asked Pipsqueak.
    "Eh, never you mind.  Now that you're awake, though, it's time to
continue your education."  Pipsqueak groaned: early on their journey,
Gandalf had become frustrated with his frequent questions, and
demanded, "What more do you want to know?"   Laughing, he had
answered, "The names and numbers of all the girls in the Shire, and
cheap sources for every popular drug, and the entire history of
Middle-earth and Atlantis and the Far West.  What less?"
    Gandalf had taken this as an invitation, and had entertained
himself on their long ride by boring Pipsqueak to tears with history
lessons. "Where did we leave off?" he now asked.  "I believe that I had
just told you of the rise of the Stewards in Gondor™, of Mardil™
and the founding of the University, and of his consolidation of the
copyrights of the Magic Kingdom™, but I have not yet told you that
Mardil™ was also known for his crusade against the rampant sexism
of his time.  He it was who insisted on including a strong female
character in every script to come out of Disgiliath™, but perhaps
his most lasting contribution to the status of women in Gondor™ was
the unique system of matrilineal patrimony that he instituted within
his own House.  Whereas the kingship had always passed from father to
eldest son, Mardil™ declared that the Steward's eldest daughter
should select her own husband, who would then become the heir to the
Stewardship.  While not perfect, this system has succeeded in
providing Gondor™ with rulers who were able both to lead her armies
in battle and to cry during romantic dramas.  Of course, the system
reverts back to the old patrilineal arrangement in cases where the
wife of the Steward produces no female offspring, as is for example
the case with the children of Denethor™'s wife Lossiel™.  A more
complicated situation arose in the days of Turin™ I, whose wife
died childless..."
    Unable to deal with Gandalf's constant drone, Pipsqueak became
drowsy again and paid little attention to Gandalf telling him of the
customs of Gondor™, and how the Lord of the City had replaced the
aging monorail loop through Edoras with a system of horse-drawn
carriages to build ambiance and save on upkeep costs.  The wizard had
once again driven the hobbit's conscious mind into complete withdrawal.
As he fell slowly back into his zombie-like state, Pipsqueak had a
strange feeling: he stood still like a great boulder by the sea, while
Gandalf's words crashed over him like waves driven by a violent wind.

    Later, whether one day or many he could not tell, Pipsqueak woke to
find himself surrounded by chill grey mists in the twilit hour before
dawn.  Still sitting behind him, Gandalf guided Slimshade along a well
built wall of stone that loomed, barely visible, out of the mist to
their right.  Sensing that he had awakened, Gandalf said, "This is the
Wall of Lammas Ichor™, the outer wall of Minas Tirith™ that was
built after a goblin raid razed a harvest festival over a century ago. 
It was once quite ruinous and passable in some places, but it appears
that the masons of Gondor™ have been busy since last I came this
way."  They pressed on, for Gandalf was in haste to find a section of
the wall that was still in disrepair before the concealment of the
morning mists was burned away.
    After they had followed the wall for some time, the sound of
hurried labor could be heard: beat of hammers, clink of trowels, and
the curses of those who were nearly run down by carts rushing through
the mist.  As they had hoped, the workers had not yet finished their
repairs of the great wall, and a small section remained that was both
unwatched and tumbled down.  Slimshade climbed over the piles of
rubble, and his hoofbeats were lost in the sounds of construction. 
They passed now into the wide land beyond the Lammas Ichor™, where
they saw wide tilth, oasts, garners, folds, byres, a whole mess of
rills, and many other common sights of the countryside described in
obscure, obsolete language.  After riding through the fields for over
half an hour, a brisk wind from the river swept aside the mist, and
Pipsqueak beheld the polished walls and tall spires of Minas
Tirith™ for the first time.
    For the fashion of Gondor™'s greatest city was such that it
was surrounded by seven walls, each of them higher and sturdier than
the last, and soldiers patrolled the narrow aisles between them.
Its streets and boulevards were built into the very slope of Mount
Minnie™, easternmost outpost of the Off-White Mountains, and
property values rose with every foot of elevation.  Turnstiles
innumerable guarded the road into the city, and in each of the seven
walls was hung a great gate of stone: the only opening in those tall
battlements save where the abandoned monorail track passed through the
walls high above the ground.  As they watched, the first light of dawn
shone forth and fell upon the peak of Mount Minnie™, bathing it in
gold, and glittered on the brightly painted towers that rose so high
above the Castle of Lornavaniwen™ that was carved out of the
mountain itself at the city's peak.  Everywhere Pipsqueak looked,
Minas Tirith™ was immaculately clean, with every wall and window
sparkling in the new light of day.  A flowing trumpet call rang out
from the distant castle, and at that signal, the seven gates of the
city swung open, welcoming visitors with the promise of Magic™ and
Wonder™.
    As sunlight illuminated the plain, Gandalf spurred Slimshade to his
greatest burst of speed of the entire journey.  In a truly surprising
display of dexterity and strength, the horse managed to leap full
across the turnstiles despite the great weight of Gandalf on his back. 
As they charged on toward the great gates, men cried, "Mesprendeur! 
Mesprendeur!"  The gates, so newly opened for the day, began to swing
closed.
    "Let me pass!" cried Gandalf.  "I must come to your Lord Denethor™,
to bring him council in this dark hour!  Vile rumors must be squelched
before they reach his ears!  Let me pass!"  The movers of the gates
paid no heed to his demanding voice, and the great stones swung closed
with resounding booms, but with a final burst of energy, Slimshade
proved the swifter, and Pipsqueak found himself gazing upon the heart
of the Magic Kingdom of Gondor™ for the first time.
    Slimshade's hooves echoed hollowly on the broad stone-paved path,
laid out in enormous flat cobbles, all of them bright clean white and
laced with cheerful red veins; it was bordered by thin strips of well-
trimmed grass.  Beyond them were stone pathways where lines could have
formed, and beyond them in turn were stone houses and attractions and
souvenir shops.  Stone flowerpots stood beside stone doorways and on
stone windowsills.  Painted stone statues of giant, smiling animals
stood along the walkways.  Minas Tirith™ had an air of great
antiquity and permanence, yet in truth it was year by year falling
into decay.  In every street they passed, some great entertainment
hall or gift shop was silent: empty, or even closed.  Over one great
gate, Pipsqueak read in strange and ancient characters the name "Ye
Hynted Mynsion", but although the wide stone entrance spoke of great
crowds and popularity, the courtyard was silent: there was no line.
    "Is there <i>no</i> wood?" asked Pipsqueak.  "Nothing but stone?"  He
looked up at the roofs and walls and statues mounting up the hillside
behind the gates: tiers of stone, painted or naturally multi-colored.
    "There is wood here, and some metal," said Gandalf, "but there is
more stone.  The Atlanteans liked stone."
    They rode on, drawing stares from the residents of the city, who
were unaccustomed to horses.  Indeed, a cleaning crew began to follow
them up the street, pausing occasionally to scrub away any hoof marks
and carrying buckets and shovels in case of emergencies.  At first the
mountainside loomed up far above the buildings that they passed, but
as they went farther up the slope, the buildings grew taller and
taller and seemed to be part of the mountain themselves.  Finally,
another gate rose up before them, the wall around it bending away to
either side until it joined seamlessly into the bedrock.  They went
through this gate, too, and entered a wide flat courtyard of polished
stone.  It was mirror white, and it blazed up fiercely in the early
sunlight.  Before them stood the Castle of Lornavaniwen™.  The
sharp points of its turrets, brilliant as sapphires, pierced the sky
far above their heads, and tallest of all stood the Tower of Commerce
itself, from which the Lord of the City could chart the course of his
full domain.
    As they gazed upon the castle, half a dozen guards appeared out of
hidden corners in the courtyard.  Their leader stepped forward, and in
a cheerful but firm voice said, "No horses in the Citadel."  Pipsqueak
and Gandalf were bundled to the ground, and before they knew what was
happening, Slimshade had been led away.  Pipsqueak finally lowered his
eyes from the shining walls before him and beheld the ancient raiment
of the Guards of the Citadel™.
    With its great age, Gondor™ had a keen sense of its own history,
and a few customs were preserved that dated back to the Atlanteans
themselves.  The Guards of the Citadel™ traced their elite
tradition back to the sailors of the famed Atlantean navy, and alone
among the men of Gondor™ they continued to proudly wear the ancient
uniform of their forebears.  That classic uniform of the Sea-Kings,
worn by Anarchion himself, consisted in its entirety of a helm in the
fashion of a blue sailor's cap adorned with a flowing black ribbon,
and a bright blue sailor's shirt.

    Gandalf strode quickly across the white-paved court, pushing
Pipsqueak ahead of him.  As they passed, Pipsqueak saw a high fountain
off to the side, splashing up against a great artificial tree covered
with ladders, platforms, and ropes.  It seemed to be abandoned now, but
he could make out old signs sitting next to it: in cracking paint, one
of them read "Tarzan's Treehouse," while an almost entirely faded sign
set off to the side seemed to read, "Thy Swyss Fymily Rybinson".  It
looked mournful, and quite dull, and as he ran before Gandalf he
wondered why it was left in this place, where everything else was well
tended.  He had absolutely no idea.
    They walked down a long passage paved with marble, and as they went
Gandalf spoke softly to Pipsqueak.  "Be careful of your words, Master
Paragraph!  Denethor™ is a kind old man, if preoccupied with rules
and order.  I am of another sort, and I will not have your hobbit
pertness spoiling my designs.  He will speak most to you, because of
what you can tell him of the fate of his beloved son Boromir™, but
under cover of this he will seek to make you reveal more of my doings
than I can afford.  Tell him no more than you must, and say nothing
about Aragon if you value your life."
    At those words, Pipsqueak felt the cold point of a dagger press
into his lower back.  "Why not?" he asked.  "Wasn't Strider planning
to come here himself?  I thought he and HeyHoDen were just a few days
behind us."
    "Maybe, maybe," said Gandalf.  "Though if my messengers get through
in time, he may go off in a direction that no one expects.  It will be
better so.  And if he does come, I want to herald his arrival myself." 
Gandalf halted before a tall door of carven stone, and he gave a cruel
chuckle.  "See, Master Pipsqueak, I have already instructed you in the
history of Gondor™, and if you'd been paying attention you would
understand the need for silence.  Do as I bid!"

    With that, the door opened, and although none could be seen to open
it, its motion was accompanied by a great squeaking sound that bore
little resemblance to the noise of ungreased hinges.  Pipsqueak looked
into a great hall, lit by deep windows cut into the stone of the
walls, beyond the broad black marble pillars that upheld the high
stone ceiling, carven in many forms dimly visible to those below.  No
hangings nor storied webs, nor any things of woven stuff or wood, were
to be seen in that long solemn hall; but between the pillars there
stood a silent company of images graven in cold stone: figures clad in
the ancient mode of the kings, dressed as all manner of ducks, dogs,
rodents, and caricatured humans of every description.
    Suddenly, Pipsqueak recalled the great stone figures of the
Argonath. "Boy," he whispered back to Gandalf, "these statues sure don't
hold a candle to the great stone figures of the Argonath!"  Gandalf said
nothing, and simply pushed him forward.  At the far end of the hall
upon a dais of many steps was set a stone chair, black and unadorned,
and on it sat an old man gazing at his nearby desk.  At the foot of
the dais, tucked back in a shadowed corner, was a high throne set with
jewels and inlaid with finest gold, all of which seemed to be in need
of polishing.  As they approached, the old man did not look up.  In
his hand was a small white rod with a golden tip that he was tapping
on the table in frustration.
    "Hail, Denethor™, Lord and Steward of Minas Tirith™," said
Gandalf.  "In this dark hour, I am come with..."
    "With poor timing as usual," interrupted Denethor™.  "When
preparing for war, the Stewards have spent the period from eight to
eight thirty in the morning composing intelligence orders for time out
of mind.  Walk-in audiences are not available until eleven.  But you
were never one to pay heed to courtesy."
    Gandalf sighed quietly, and continued, "...with council and tidings
of war.  Is it naught to you that HeyHoDen has fought a great battle,
and that I have broken the back of Aruman?  Is it naught to you that
slanderous rumors about me may already be spreading, rumors that have
absolutely no basis in truth?  Is it naught to you that Isengard has
been overthrown and burned?"
    "The burning that comes to <i>my</i> mind occurred the last time that
you visited Minas Tirith™,"  said Denethor™.  "You have not been
welcome here since then, and you are not welcome here now: if the
Guard at the city gates had been following the established protocols
properly, you would never have been able to enter my city in the first
place.  As for your news, I know already enough regarding these deeds
for my own council.  Yea, for though the Stones be lost, or so they
say, still the lords of Gondor™ have better vision than lesser men. 
But as you have already interrupted my work, and as you have brought a
guest whose news does interest me, we may as well push my breakfast
back by thirty-five minutes.  Sit now!"
    Pipsqueak settled onto the stool that was brought to him, but never
took his eyes from the old lord.  Was it so, or had he only imagined
it, that Denethor™ had given him a big wink when he spoke of the
Stones?  Gandalf sat on the chair provided for him as well, but close
enough that Pipsqueak still felt the dagger poised and ready at his
back.
    Turning to Pipsqueak, Denethor™ smiled sadly.  "Now, Paragraph
son of Palatine, tell me of my son!  When did you last see him, and
what was his fate?"
    "How did you know my name?" Pipsqueak exclaimed, but Denethor™
did not answer.  After a moment, Pipsqueak began, "Boromir™ fell
under heavy assault by goblins and critics when our company was
scattered: he was surrounded alone, and my kinsman Moribund and I were
captured when we tried to come to his aid."
    "Tell me more!  Why was he alone, and how could such a great warrior
and musician fall, with only goblins to withstand him?"
    "The mightiest man may be slain by a knife in the gut," Pipsqueak
said, "and Boromir™ had already received one from our mad cousin
Frodo.  Perhaps if Aragon had stopped to help Boromir™ instead of
dashing off into the woods, things would have been..."
    "AHEM," hacked Gandalf, pretending to cough violently while pressing
his dirk firmly against Pipsqueak's back.  Pipsqueak froze, and made a
horrible swallowing noise in his throat: "<i>gollum</i>".  He fell silent.
    Denethor™ gave Gandalf a stern look, and turning back to Pipsqueak
said, "Please, go on.  You have nothing to fear from me.  If it is
easier, tell me your full tale, from your first meeting with
Boromir™ until his untimely death.  One who has risked his life for
my son will always be a friend of Gondor™."
    Comforted, Pipsqueak told Denethor™ of their journey from Riven-
dell, always inflating Boromir™'s role to better please the old
man.  As he described their flight from the house of Moira, he found
himself explaining the conflict over the leadership of their company:
"...and the contract clearly said that Aragon son of Arathon, the guy
with the broken-reforged sword, was to..."
    At that, Gandalf sprang up in fury.  "Why you little rat-sized
turncoat!" he cried, and he came at Pipsqueak with his blade bare. 
Pipsqueak squeaked in terror, and leaping up the dais threw himself at
Denethor™'s feet.
    "Little service, no doubt, will a great Lord of Men find in a
hobbit, but what skills I have I offer now if you can save me from this
madman!"  Pipsqueak was quite impressed that he had managed to
extemporize such a good speech, and he whipped out his sword and
handed it hilt-first to Denethor™.
    As the Steward took the weapon, he thrust it forward and faced
Gandalf in anger.  Gandalf stood at the base of the steps and stared
intently into Denethor™'s eyes.  "What is this," asked Denethor™,
shaking his head in disgust, "some kind of juvenile staring contest? 
I had planned to house you and your companion somewhere that I could
have you watched, but after this outrage in my own chambers I think I
shall have you taken to a cell instead.  The time of your audience is up,
and the schedule of Gondor™ is mine to set, unless the king should
come again, along with a full set of authenticated proofs of ancestry
and the appropriate forms filled out in triplicate."
    "Unless the king should come again?" said Gandalf.  "Well, my lord
Steward, I'll see what I can do about that.  The rule of no realm is
mine, neither Gondor™ nor any other, but all things great or small
are within the realm that I consider my concern.  And if you think me
juvenile and no true man, I shall say only this.  By some chance, the
blood of Atlantis runs nearly true in you, as it did in your son
Boromir™, and yet does not in your other son, Dr Faramir.  For I
also am a Steward.  Did you not know?"  And with that he turned and
strode swiftly forth from the hall, while Denethor™ stood rigid in
shock with his face white and his mouth agape.  Pipsqueak's dagger
fell from the Steward's trembling hand and clattered to the floor, and
he slowly sank back onto his lofty chair.

    Minutes passed, and Denethor™ regained at least some of his
composure.  Finally recalling the presence of Pipsqueak, he said, "I
am sorry that you had to witness that, and I hope that it shall be
long before you find yourself in such a tight corner between two such
terrible old men."  At that, he laughed wryly.  "I accept your offer
of service, for the sake of my son, for your own protection, and
because generous deeds should not be checked by cold companions. 
However, the proper paperwork must be filled out at once, and in any
case the time I had allotted for your morning audience has ended.  You
shall return to me soon to tell me of this Aragon and the rest of your
journey, though after this morning's interruption it may prove
difficult to find space in my schedule.  Now," he said, raising his
voice and looking toward the alcoves about the hall, "who is the Guard
on errand duty today?"
    A man, clad in the blue sailor's cap and shirt of the Guard of the
Citadel™, stepped to the foot of the dais and bowed.  "I am, my
lord.  Bererond son of Bararor, at your service."  Pipsqueak politely
tried to avoid glancing below his waist.
    Denethor™ nodded.  "This is Paragraph son of Palatine, whom I
have taken into my service.  Escort him to the Registrar to complete
the necessary documents and to be measured for his uniform, and teach
him the Grade II, III, V, and VIII.B. passwords.  You may then introduce
him to our fair city, answer his questions, and show him to his
barracks; be sure that he returns by the ninth hour of the evening. 
The Registrar will issue him temporary meal vouchers for use until his
forms are processed and his existing trademarks are assumed."  He then
turned to Pipsqueak, and returning to him his sword, said, "Farewell,
my liege, and I hope to soon hear your tale in full."
    Bererond led Pipsqueak to the quarters of the Guard, and after they
completed the lengthy application and registration process they had a
late lunch in one of the private "cast members only" cafeterias that
looked out over the great stone gates of the city.  Pipsqueak learned
much from Bererond about Minas Tirith™'s culture, its nightlife,
and its people, and Bererond was pleased to learn that Pipsqueak had
connections that might be able to supply much of the Guard's need for
black market drugs and alcohol.  Beyond the stone roofs of the city,
they gazed out over the tilth within the Lammas Ichor™, upon the
pitifully small crowd gathered to watch the cowboys performing their
twice-daily rodeo at the Pelennor Fields, and along the long, dusty
road that led from the great gates into the south.
    "That is the road to the potato vales of Tubeladen and Lotstarch,
and the mountain hollows, and then on to Lebanon and the fields of the
south," explained Bererond.  Then, in a darker tone, he went on, "From
Lebanon yestereve came evil tidings of a great fleet approaching the
mouths of Anduin, manned by the Tampalas Bay Corsairs.  Our great fear
is that this attack will inspire local riots and draw off much of the
help that we looked to have from Lebanon and Belfast, where folk are
swarthy and expendable.  All the more are we troubled by the conflict
in Edoras, and the tidings of inexplicable battle that you bring."
    "I am no warrior," said Pipsqueak, "and I dislike any thought of
battle or its causes.  No stroke would have been struck in Rohan, I
think, but for Gandalf.  But look!  What is that dust that I see in
the distance, far down the road?"
    "Rightly said!" cried Bererond once he had spied the distant cloud
himself.  "The Captains of the Outlands are expected up the South Road
ere sundown.  Come, let us make our way to the great gate before the
crowd forms."
    Before long, they found themselves in a throng going toward the
entrance to the city, filled with worried citizens of Minas Tirith™
who deeply needed this boost to their morale.  When they reached the
gates, Pipsqueak and Bererond spoke their names and various Grade III
passwords, and they were given stamps on their wrists and allowed to
find a better vantage point in the great stone-paved space beyond the
turnstiles into which all the ways to Minas Tirith™ ran.  All eyes
were turned southwards, and soon a murmur rose as the dust kicked up
by the approaching reinforcements drew nearer.
    "Forlong!  Forlong!" Pipsqueak heard men calling.  "What does it
mean?" he asked.
    "Forlong has come," Bererond answered, "old Forlong the Fat, the
Lord of Lotstarch, home of my father.  Hurrah!  Here he is.  Good old
Forlong!"
    Out of the dust, there came walking a big, thick-limbed horse, and
on it sat a big, thick-limbed man of huge girth.  He was clad in mail
and wore a black helm, and he bore a long, heavy spear.  "Forlong!" men
shouted.  "True heart, true friend!  Forlong!"
    Behind him, the dust settled.
    The onlookers stood silent for a while.  The wind had died, and the
evening was heavy, and for some this made the shock of disappointment
too much to bear: first one, and then another of the onlookers sat
down where he was and began to cry quietly.  Eventually, the crowd
began to wander listlessly back into the city, though it seemed that
some crept instead away toward Minas Minnie™ and the hills.
Pipsqueak thought he heard one of these men mutter, "Gondor shall not
perish yet!  Hope and memory shall live still in some hidden valley
where the grass is green... and I'm gonna get there while the gettin's
good."
    As they trudged back up to the barracks, Pipsqueak and Bererond
were silent, each lost in his own thoughts.  Bererond showed him to his
newly assigned bunk.  "It is a black night," he said, "and the end of
a black day.  We can only hope that things will look brighter in the
morning.  Wake early, for you will be summoned before the second hour
to the Lord Denethor™ to receive your permanent assignment with the
Guard.  Farewell, and sleep in peace!"

    The barracks were dark as Pipsqueak climbed into his bed to settle
in for the evening.  Gloom settled still more heavily on him, for he
was alone in a strange city and was soon to be thrust into the terrible
heat of war.  For a while he lay and listened to the sounds of the
other Guards breathing and tossing in their sleep, and then he joined
them in their uneasy slumber.
    In the night he was wakened by a dim light above him: Gandalf had
come and was leaning over the bed with a pillow poised above Pipsqueak's
face.  "I have come for you here," said the wizard in an almost
inaudible whisper, "for I must have a little peace to work in this
city, alone.  I cannot leave you to do any more damage than you have
already done.  I hope you have enjoyed this night, Paragraph Took! 
There will be no dawn."


Isen riverrun, past HeyHoDen, son of Thengel, son of Fengel, son of
Folcwine, son of Folca, son of Walda, relative of Fluffy, and his nephew
Eonard, canard sans cojones, unpuissant in battle, at the sight of arrowrain
from bow an iceclad shiverer, merest of bantlings, and his niece Eowynn,
blonde and nubile and never been kissed in the grass ho ho;
  now wondering what to do to get rid of his gluttonous guest Aragon as the
company rode south from the ruin of Isengard, musing how his longfather Yorl
(Mercy an his mummery!) Offa'ed the Orcs at the point of time when they were
about to overprune their eeniemice in Minas Mickey, his thoughts perkelating
through his brain in slow curses and screams when a Rider galloped up from
the rear of their line.
  "My lord," he said to the king, "there are horsemen behind us. As we
passed the Fords I thought that  I heard them. Now we are sure. They are
overtaking us, riding hard."
  "If we can aFord the Isen, so can they," mused the king
(ababbababbarubbalubbafubbaoutoifideasyougulliblesassenachfool), and he
commanded everybody to wait. But their pursuers were merely some thirty or
so of Aragon's kinsmen from the north, led by one herosuitical
Atlantidiniophobet yclept Halberd; and with them also rode the sons of El
Rond, Al Ladan and Al Rokar, thirsting to revenge their mother (whose name
was a matter of debate) for her long, slow torment in the concert halls of
the Orcs as they forced her to listen to the works of Hindemuzgash,
Mahlerhúr and Smaughausen. Everybody in the company was gay at the meeting,
and the king reJoyced at the news of who they were.
  "Now that you have your own outfit, I suppose you will ride your separate
way?" he said to Aragon.
  "Indeed I am," responded Aragon. "I know you will dawdle here for quite
some time under the pretext of mustering your Riders; but I am in a hurry
and will take the Paths of the Living."
  "Really?" inquired HeyHoDen with raised eyebrows. "Are you sure that is a
good idea?"
  "The best," answered Aragon firmly.
  "Well, have it your own way," said HeyHoDen. "But do ride with us to
Deem's Help first for a barbecue. We will see you off in style."
  "Thank you, lord; you are most gracious," drooled Aragon.
  "Perhaps we will meet again," said Eonard without much enthusiasm.
  "We may," said Aragon.

  So they arrived at Deem's Help, and the Dunlendish slaves fried hamburgers
for their betters, who while waiting to get served watched the highly exotic
dancing of a dusky beauty from Harad called Ostrich Flame.
  When the food was served, Aragon devoured it and asked for more while
complaining of the poor fare. "What I wouldn't do for a proper tikka
masala!" he groaned as he wolfed down his tenth cheeseburger.
  "What are the Paths of the Living?" asked Giggly with his eyes averted
from the gross sight of the slavering, chomping Aragon.
   "Thus spoke Malcolm the Seer, in the days of Ar-vegetal, last king of
Fornost," said Aragon:

    <i>The statue's nose has a round black tip,
    and westward points its four-fingered hand.
    The Tower trembles; to the amusement parks
    mice are approaching. The ducks awaken;
    for the hour is come for the cartoon creatures;
    at the Stone of Elmer they shall stand again.
    and hear quacks of a bird in the hills raging
    Who shall awake them? Who shall call them
    from the grey twilight, the forgotten people?
    The heir of him to whom the franchise was given.
    From the North he shall come, greed shall drive him:
    He shall pass the Door to the Paths of the Living</i>

  "And what paths are those?" asked Lego-lass.
  "Simply a shortcut thrugh the Off-white Mountains that the Rohirrim avoid
because they find the toll excessive," answered Aragon. "But Elendil's Heir
travels there for free."
  "Hey, cool!" said Giggly. "Look, one of Isildur's original collaborators
was a Dwarf called Harry Cohn. I am collaterally descended from him. Can I
have a cut?"
  "Surely," said Aragon. "No show is complete without a Dwarf."
  After the meal, HeyHoDen summoned the pathetic, ragtag Rohan peasant army.
Grouching "What is it now?" "My arse is sore from the saddle!" and the
like, they reluctantly shuffled closer and formed ragged lines. HeyHoDen
looked keenly on them, and with a slight, wry smile he said:
  "The people of Rohan were always numerous, but ofttimes their bravery has
been less impressive than their numbers. However, to encourage you I have
retained a few Orkish whipmen, who by joining our side have proved that all
Orcs are not evil, despite racist claims to that effect. Húberz, Húmfríkh,
Snagfred - keep an eye on them! Where there is a whip there is a will."
  A number of Orkish overseers in public school uniforms walked forward and
saluted the king with their whips.
  "Together we shall attain glory!" shouted HeyHoDen with glaring, insane
eyes. "The victory and the power shall go to Minowara blood, Minnehaha
blood, Minotaur bood! Oh, Aragon-san, what a future I have planned for you!"
Suddenly, HeyHoDen's red, glazed eyes focused. He shook his head, looking
slightly embarrassed.
  "Sorry about that," he said. "But that pipeweed the halflings taught me to
smoke really is good stuff."
  And now Aragon sat up on his great big harse. But lo! His massive weight,
augmented by unnumbered hamburgers and Frankfurter sausages, was too much
for his steed; its legs folded like boiled spaghetti and it hit the ground
with a crash, instantly killed by the oppressive weight on its back. A moan
of despair arose from the Rohirrim, whose larders were already depleted
because of this man.
  "How fortunate that I can amend this!" said HeyHoDen with a tight smile.
"I received a gift from Denethor™ last year and have kept it stabled here at
Deem's Help for the fertilizer." At a sign from him, two servants ran off
and returned with a huge mûmak.
  "This is Babar, named for the fabled oliphaunt king of old," declared
HeyHoDen, "and this is my parting gift to you. May it carry you far!"
  Aragon bowed and sat up. For a moment the mûmak reeled under his weight,
but it recovered. Its small eyes looked unhappy, but apart from a bit of
ear-flapping it did not object to the inhumane treatment it was being
subjected to.
  Now everybody took an enthusiastic farewell of the company. The field was
full of people waving good-bye: Rohirrim, Dunlendings drafted into the Rohan
army on an affirmative action quota programme they would gladly have
abstained from, Ments, Ents, Ments disguised as Orcs, Orcs disguised as
Ments, Ments disguised as Ents - everybody cheered at the company's
departure, and indeed, grateful they were to be rid of someone with Aragon's
insatiable appetite ("another week and he would have eaten me out of my
kingdom!" sighed HeyHoDen to Eonard).

  And while HeyHoDen went by slow paths in the hills, the Gay Company passed
swiftly over the plain, and on the next day in the afternoon they came to
Edoras, where Aragon had a spot of trouble persuading Eowynn not to join
them. However, the welding torch-like glare from Arwen's eyes clearly showed
that this was the politic thing to do.
  "Fear not, sugarpuss," whispered Aragon to Eowynn when Arwen happened to
look away for a moment. "When this is over I will make you a greater star
than Shelob herself, for I mean to restore the Gondor™ entertainment
industry to its old glory." Eowynn bit her lip and stared sourly at the
ground, but she had to rest content with this promise.

  When the light of day was come into the sky but the sun was not yet risen
above the high ridges in the East, Aragon made ready to depart. He and those
with him rode away without anyone bidding them farewell, for Eowynn was
sulking in her rooms and her folk did not wish to encourage any further
tardiness from their guests. (Aragon's evening meal and breakfast had
consumed all the food they had meant to bring to their wartime refuge in the
hills.)
  So they came to the Door to the Paths of the Living. Above its wide arch
was a rim of merrily shining red lightbulbs, and jazz music flowed from it
like the screaming of tortured Nazdaq.
  "This is a tasteless door," said Halberd, "and I hate jazz music. I will
pass it nonetheless; but does anyone have earstoppers?"
  No one did. They entered on a file, leading their horses. (The mûmak Babar
let out a huge gust of relief as Aragon sat down from it, and meekly
followed him under the arch.) An aged ticket collector ambled forwards, but
looking at Aragon he fell back again and saluted him by snapping his fingers
and doing a moonwalk. Aragon had brought torches from Edoras, and now he
went ahead bearing one aloft; and Al Ladan with another went at the rear,
and beside him walked Giggly and Lego-lass, rubbernecking. Most of the
attractions (apart from a few nightclubs and gambling dens) were closed
down, but the magic of the place had kept them spotless and shining; they
looked as if they could open at any moment and take admission fees for
visiting Queen Berúthiel's Tea Party, Bottle and the Booze or Cindy Reela's
gingerbread house.
  No barker accosted the company, nor withstood their passage, and yet
steadily grew the curiosity of the Dwarf as he went on, most of all because
he itched to learn how many marks the various outfits had fleeced on a
normal business day. So time unreckoned passed, until Giggly beheld a most
curious sight. The road was wide, but now the company came suddenly into a
great empty space, and there were no longer  any walls upon either side. The
greed was so heavy on him that he could hardly walk onwards. Away to the
left something glittered in the gloom as Aragon's torch drew near. Then
Aragon halted and went to look what it might be. Giggly, who smelled gold,
followed him at once, and Lego-lass trailed after him.
  Aragon kneeled while Al Ladan held aloft both torches. Arwen crossed her
arms and gazed at it all with a sort of amused disdain. Before them were the
bones of a mighty man. He had been clad in mail, and still his harness lay
there whole; but his shoulders and head were in little pieces that seemed to
be slowly growing together. As Giggly watched, two bits of throat melted
together with a small hissing sound.
  "This looks like Boromir™," said Aragon thoughtfully. "He must have been
brought here by some kind of tremendous explosion, transmitted here through
space and time."
  "That sounds very far-fetched," remarked Giggly.
  "Not at all!" declared Aragon. "Fredric Brown uses precisely that idea in
a science fiction story of his called 'What Mad Universe' – a glorious
read!"
  "Do you like science fiction?" exclaimed Giggly; a smouldering fire was in
his eyes. "I had no idea! I like Brown, but I prefer Clifford Simak and Poul
Anderson."
  "I am more of the hardscience Asimov or Heinlein school," said Aragon.
"Have you read the Foundation trilogy?"
  "My lord Aragon, please!" objected Halberd. "This is hardly the place for
this kind of discussion, is it?" Aragon and Giggly looked at each other.
  "I suppose not," said Aragon with a sigh. "But had I but known this during
all those boring evenings... well, let's look at Boromir™. All the pieces seem
to have grown together now."
  "He was in one piece when we last saw him," remarked Lego-lass.
  "True. True," said Aragon with a sligtly shifty look. "Well, let's turn
him over." He did so and exclaimed: "He has no face!"
  "And it does not look as if it's going to grow back," remarked Giggly,
peeking through Aragon's armpit. "I wonder why?"
  "Perhaps it got stuck somewhere," said Aragon. "But never mind! Remember
that 'the hands of the King are the hands of a healer'! We'll bring him back
to life <i>and</i> give him a new face."
  "Can we really do that?" asked Giggly.
  "Oh, definitely! These are the Paths of the Living. Open that door behind
him, Halberd."
  Halberd obeyed his command. The two men entered the room behind and
returned, wheeling and carrying various items of medical apparatus. Together
with Giggly and Lego-lass they donned surgical clothing that Giggly had
found, placed Boromir™ on a bed with castor wheels and assembled around it.
After a brief fight over the scalpels between Arwen and Lego-lass they were
all set.
  "Give him forty cc of Nauglamirin!" commanded Aragon. Halberd obeyed.
  "Give him two hundred twenty volts!" Giggly stepped forward and sadistically applied the
shock.
  "He is breathing!" reported Lego-lass.
  "Ready to electrocute his penis," said Aragon.
  "Pardon?" said Giggly.
  "Oh... ah... er.., I mean 'Ready to intubate'," said Aragon with a slight
blush.
  After twenty minutes of hard work Boromir™ was alive and breathing, and
would no doubt have had rosy cheeks if he had been in possession of a face.
  "And now for a face!" said Aragon merrily. "Behold, I am the renewer!" He
placed both hands on Boromir™'s head and kneaded it until a howl suddenly
burst from the recumbent warrior. Aragon snatched back his hands and
exclaimed: "Behold my handiwork!"
  The others looked and gasped. Boromir™ had indeed received a new face. It
had a long nose with a round black knob at its end; huge upper teeth
protuded from his mouth, and he had long, hanging black ears. He also seemed
to have acquired a blue cap that rose from his crown like a little tower.
  "I will restore Minas Tirith™ to its ancient glory, such as it was when it
was known as Minas Mickey and faced Minas Goofy across the River!" declared
Aragon. "And who better to start with than the beloved son of Steward
Denethor™?" He laughed aloud, a laughter with certain sinister overtones:
"Hnyukyukyuk!" The others stared, frozen with shock. Even Giggly, the
greediest of Dwarves and hardened by many shady deals, was taken aback.
  Arwen sucked in her breath with a soft hiss. "Aren't you going a bit too
far?" she whispered to Aragon. He looked innocently at her and then winked.
  Boromir™ opened his eyes and asked: "Where am I?"
  Halberd licked his lips. "In the Paths of the Living," he said.
  "Is my face here too?" asked Boromir™. "I seemed to lose it – but no, it
was just an evil dream."
  "You have got a new face," said Halberd in a choked voice. He polished his
shield with his sleeve and held it up as a mirror before Boromir™, who
looked at the reflection.
  "GAWRSH!" he exclaimed. They all waited, Aragon expressionless but the
others in some trepidation. Boromir™ looked intently at his reflection and
made a deep, clunking sound in his throat.
  "I like it!" he declared. They all breathed out, except Aragon, who smiled
and discreetly put away a knife he had been holding.
  "This is but a token of things to come!" he said. "Soon we will be out of
the passage. Lead the way, friend Boromir™!"
  Soon they were indeed out of the tunnel and came into the clear friendly
sunshine. They marched onwards, accompanied by an ever growing flock of
cheering funlovers. At the head of the Gay Company danced Boromir™, singing:

  <i>Aragon, Arathon's son, riding on Babar!
  Genuflect, show some respect, down on one knee!</i>

Seated on his only slightly groaning mûmak, Aragon threw chocolate coins to
the multitude, who fell on their knees in the dust exclaiming "He's
generous! So generous!" Wherever they came the enemies of Gondor™ screamed
and fled, for they worshipped film noir and other black arts, but the common
people gathered around the Gay Company, and joy and merriment followed them.


"And so the Lord Aragon's voracious appetite had left little provision for the
peasants of Rohan -- forcing them to pass what stuff they had amongst each
other, in order to fuel their ire against the Empire.

"First came the hraka soup, followed by a light hraka salad with a dressing of
hraka extract. Those soon were followed by hraka sorbet, roast hraka, steamed
hraka, braised hraka in hraka sauce, hraka in the basket with sautéed hraka,
and finally, for dessert, hraka meringue pie with orange-hraka icing and nice
juicy chunks of hraka.

"Once Morrie Brandybuck thought they had given him a cheeseburger with onion
rings and a Coke, but it turned to be a ground-hraka sandwich with french-fried
hraka on the side and a glass of ice-cold pureed carbonated diet hraka.

"And so did the Rebellion finally find itself in dire straits, with resistance
against the evil Empire of Morder quickly fading..."

Morrie (grimace): This stuff tastes like shit.

Darth HeyHoDen: Turn to the Dark Side, Luke. We've got Ben 'n Jerry's.

Producer: CUT! CUT! TOO FATTENING! START OVER!


[The great ship slips beneath the waves like Gary Condit's chances for
reelection. While screaming Rohan peasants in topcoats and wingtips fling
themselves overboard, the band switches from "Boogie Wonderland" into a cover
of "Sit Down, You're Rockin' the Boat." After multiple explosions, leaping
sharks, and a giant digital aquatic balrog make their appearances, we are left
with two young relatives desperately adrift on flotsam and jetsam in the
freezing seas.]

Eonard (slipping under for the last time): Don't let go, Eowynifred. Promise me
you'll never let go.

Eowynifred: I won't let go, jerk. I'll never let go.

[She lets go.]

Producer: CUT! CUT! TOO PREDICTABLE!

Writer: Come ON. We've got to film SOMETHING here.

Producer: Sorry, you just blew the whole budget in three scenes. Not only do we
have to switch to a soundstage in New Brunswick, NJ, but all the stars are
walking.

Writer: (Gasp) No! Not Elvis Costello!

Producer: The good news is that Richard Dreyfuss has been hanging around the
set and says he'll do Morrie for peanuts, but only if you don't glue fur to his
feet. He says his feet are his best asset and he doesn't want them covered.

Writer: But... but... that's Tolkien SACRILEGE! The fans will roast us!

Producer:  Clean-shaven feet, Richard Dreyfuss. Furry feet, you're stuck with
the pizza delivery boy. Take your pick. [Leaves]

Writer: (groaning, looking at his picture of Orson Welles) Oh, Rosebud, this
movie is going straight to Mordor in a meadowmuffin...


[The hordes of Rohan ride through treacherous fens, over hills, clearing mighty
rivers, descending into valleys and dark canyons, and climbing steep
ice-blasted mountains, until King HeyHoDen finally breaks down and purchases a
map from a nearby gas station.]

Morrie: Ha, just like I thought -- go down South Main, hang right at Silmaril
Park, then blow through until you see Cirith Ungol in the distance, and there
we are! It's so simple that even a MORON could figure it out.

Eonard (wrestling with map while the army looks on, confused):  Gosh darn it,
does ANYONE know to fold this thing back up?

HeyHoDen: (dead-pan, to camera) At least we know he's no moron.


[While HeyHoDen and Eonard ride towards Dunhero at the head of the army, Morrie
follows closely behind, talking incessantly, filling King HeyHoDen's ears with
tales of his rebellious hobbit youth -- his nightly soirees of cow-tipping, of
egging Farmer Maggot's house, of spray-painting "Fatty Bolger Lives" on the
sides of the mill as the sheriff hallooed and hallayed after them.]

Morrie: (chortling) ...And THEN there was the time I stole some of Gandalf's
fireworks, drained out the powder, and stuffed it all into the bowl of the Old
Gaffer's pipe! When he lit up, BOY did he light up! You should have seen the
look -- I mean, soot -- on his face! Golly, I'm so ingenious, sometimes I even
dazzle myself!

HeyHoDen: (grumbling) Methinks my ears are dazzled enough.

Morrie: (continuing) I can't believe this! We started out with Pipsqueak, and
Frodo, and Sam, and all the others -- I came to help them -- but now they must
be hundreds of miles away in the heart of Mordor, if they are even alive at
all! And here I am, safe as a scuttlebug in the middle of nowhere. Isn't that
nuts? Life is just one big hobbit's holiday! Isn't it? Isn't it just grand?

Eonard: (pointing back in the direction they just came) LOOK! Isn't that Cate
Blanchett in a peekabo nightie?!

Morrie: Where?! [looks around] Naw, I think that's just an old barrow wight in
a shroud. [Turns back.] Guys? Hey, guys! Where'd you all go? GUYS?!!


Dwarves: We ride! Ho! Kill the men, kill the elves, save the gold for
ourselves! HeyHoDen, let's go!

Eonard: But Uncle, I thought we were friends with the Stewards of Gondor™.
 
HeyHoDen: Years ago, they whipped us in the Pinewood Derby, son. Now it's
payback time.

[And so, away from the burning food courts and landing pads of Dunhero, where
the soiled and starved faces of the peasantry looked out from their sewer
holes, on horseback and in stolen golf carts, King HeyHoDen, his nephew, the
dazed ex-counselor, and the Dwarf Acrobatic Team did ride towards Gondor™, the
City of Gold, and without horn or harp or any real semblance of melodic refrain
or consistent tempo did break into this very song!]

     To Dunhero came our done hero
     to set up house and fake his death
     To hang the horse, kick off the boots
     and enjoy his retirement!

     Rawhide! (Rawhide!)
     Rawhide! (Rawhide!)
     The great escape is sure to chaff
     his skin as he to Gondor™ rides!
     Raw knees! (Raw knees!)
     Raw knees! (Oh please!)
     The peasants eat the rocks and trees
     as HeyHoDen to Gondor™ flees!

     He cannot leave his friend to smolder
     nor give Gondor™ to its foe!
     With dwarves balanced on head and shoulder,
     HeyHoDen rides to save the gold!

     Rawhide! (Rawhide!)
     Rawhide! (Rawhide!)
     His long rapport with Denethor™
     demands he ride to watch him die 
     Rawdeal! (Rawdeal!)
     Rawdeal! (Rawdeal!)
     Dreams of revenge are soon to hinge
     on dwarf gymnastics far afield!

     Rawfish! (Rawfish!)
     Raw --

Morrie had quickly tired of day care and of the large diapers he had been
forced to wear, and although the teachers would toss him small bits of cracker
and gumdrops if he would but gurgle and coo and stick plastic keys deep into
his mouth, he soon felt quite sick to his stomach.

"They have all left now," he grumbled. "Gandalf and Pipsqueak, Frodo and Sam,
HeyHoDen and Eonard, even the audience! And my turn will come soon enough, if I
am continued to be fed so poorly. What I need now is some REAL grub."

And so Morrie killed all of the day care staff, traumatized the children by
flushing their Rugrats dolls down the toilet, then found his way into the
kitchens and larders of the facility, looking for a nice mincemeat pie or some
carrot-whisky crème brulee to satisfy his terrible hunger for solid food.

But the refrigerator only contained mashed bananas and stewed peas, and bottle
after bottle of Zantac and Metamucil. 

"Holy Fatty Bolger Stuck in a Tub of Apple Butter!" Morrie thought to himself.
"They're planning to give HeyHoDen heartburn and incontinence all at once! I
must warn the King immediately!"

But as the hobbit slipped from the refrigerator to the floor and ambled past
the trashcan, he paused and sniffed. Then sniffed again, with all the olfactory
sense of a desperately hungry hobbit.

"Bless my stars and garters," he announced, "there's a half-eaten éclair
somewhere in that trash bag!"

Remembering what had happened to George in an early episode of Seinfeld, but
looking around and seeing no one, he scrambled up and over the side of the bag,
and disappeared like a grub worm into its depths, eating his way to the bottom
and thus to the elusive pastry.

While the barrel rocked and swayed, the door opened and Otto the groundskeeper
shuffled into the room. He was already tired from cleaning up after the Dwarf
Acrobatic Team, which had sprayed beer around most of the hallways as some sort
of hazing ritual, and most of the mops in his janitorial closet had been
mysterious broken as if in the throes of passion. Now there was trash to dump
before his day's work was complete and he could retire to the golf course in
order to gopher some grub. 

His hunchback straining, Otto did not even notice the small thrashing shape at
the bottom of the Hefty garbage bag (which was made for trolls -- so tough it
could hold ten hobbits and more besides!) nor the impending plot twist's
similarity to the scene with Veruca Salt in "Willy Wonka and the Chocolate
Factory."

"Ooof!" said Otto, dumping the bag down the chute.

"Aiiiiiii!" said the bag as it disappeared down the hatch.

"Whoomph!" said the incinerator as the bag hit the furnace, spelling an end to
most of Morrie's pointless angst, depression, and lack of identity in the
entire series, and ensuring that, out of the nine walkers of the fellowship, at
least one of them would taste the equivalent of the flames of the Crack of Doom
since even Boromir™ had already come back from the dead -- albeit with a bit of
cosmetic surgery.

Scratching his head, Otto found Morrie's discarded "I'm One Bad Hobbit" button
and, liking the sparkly colors, pinned it on his cardigan and wandered outside
-- where he was rudely intercepted by a gray-cloaked rider mounted on a
chugging Harley, who smiled grimly in recognition at the sight of his button. 

"Come, Morrie!" cried the rider, who definitely resembled the pretty blonde
chick who was always in his way every time Otto went into the janitorial
closets looking for toilet cleaner but now insisted that her name was Dirthead
rather than Eowynifred.

"Aragon is alive!" s/he continued, gray eyes flashing. "He who has scorned me,
and yet still lives! Well, that misfortune must be remedied! Come to Minas
Tirith™ with me, Morrie, and we shall have our revenge! Wa ha ha! Wa ha ha! Wa
ha ha!"

Otto stared at her in confusion, but once the writer whispered in his ear and
told him that someone had to carry on for poor departed Morrie, the confusion
cleared. 

"Okeedokily!" said Otto, leaping upon the back of the Harley with a screech of
strained metal.

"Oh, Morrie, you've been picking again, haven't you?" noted Dirthead. "Stick
those 'ten days to thin thighs' and you'll feel much better. You know trolls
only eat chubby hobbits, they throw the rest back."

"Burp," agreed Otto.

***

And so it came to pass that when the King himself had set out, behind the
mysterious Dirthead hunched Otto the mutant groundskeeper, sitting in for poor
departed Morrie who had never stood a chance anyway, and the great bike named
Winnebago spluttered under the great burden but did not stop, for it knew that
its engine would be throttled if it did not get Dirthead to Gondor™ in order to
slay the breaker of her heart, the Lord Aragon, if indeed he still lived at
all.

And all of the story became chaotic and bewildering; and ever the confusion
deepened before them; and irony continued to dog their paths. Selah.


   Gandalf turned around, sensing difficulties with his plot.  He found
himself staring down, down, down at a very young woman in the garb of a
soldier of the Citadel, holding a microphone into his face.  "Um," he
replied, "I was just engaging in some friendly fraternity hazing..."
   The young woman had, however slipped past him with her camera crew,
and they were focused on Pipsqueak, still gasping for air.
   "Why, aren't you the famous Prince Paragraph of Took, Lord of the
Halfwitts?"
   "Hobbits," gasped Pipsqueak.  His gasps had less to do with want of
oxygen, or even outrage at the use of traditional Gondor™ian epithets,
than with the woman standing before him.  She was only a few inches
taller than Pipsqueak himself, with long red hair fastened up on each
side by seashell-shaped pins.  She could hardly be older than sixteen,
Pipsqueak thought, and wasn't especially well-developed for her age;
but she <i>was</i> wearing that remarkable uniform to great effect.
   "Hobbits," repeated the woman to the cameras, "is a term in the
Halfwitts' quaint northern dialect.  So tell me, Prince Paragraph, how
do you find Gondor™?"
   "Well, you take the rooad through Edoras, and toorn right at Mount
Minnie," Pipsqueak said brightly, falling easily into his new rôle and
making sure to have as rustic an accent as possible.
   "So why do you call yourselves hobbits?"
   "Oh," said Paragraph, "it's joost a name.  We could 'ave called
ourselves 'boggies', bot we liked the sound of 'obbits bettah."
   The other guards, who had woken at the sound of the interview,
crushed themselves around Pipsqueak and Gandalf, rendering escape for
the latter impossible.   When the messengers from Denethor™ came later
to summon them, the interview was still going on.

   Before long Pipsqueak was walking with Gandalf (under heavy guard)
once more down the marble passage to the Tower Hall.  There Denethor™
sat in the gloom, eyes darting to left and right, like a skittery
cockroach ready to bolt into the nearest crack in the wainscoting,
Pipsqueak thought; thus intuiting, though he did not know it,
Denethor™'s most common nickname among the folk of Gondor™.
   Denethor™ sat staring at the tickertape emerging from a machine on
his desk.  "Belfast Resorts down, MTStarChannel down, Lebanon Theme
Park down, PalanTirith way way down..." he mumbled sorrowfully to
himself.  He looked more hopeful when he saw Pipsqueak approaching, and
managed a sort of smile.
   "Well, Master Paragraph, I hope you have enjoyed the City?  Though
you may have found fewer drugs available than you hoped for."
   Pipsqueak had the uncomfortable feeling that there were a great many
surveillance cameras planted where he could not see them, and mentally
thwapped himself for not having thought of that before.
   "So, what would you do in my service?  Can you sing?  Tap dance? 
Jump through hoops?"
   "I can sing... a little," Pipsqueak answered half-truthfully.  "Well
enough for my own people.  But we have no songs fit for mighty castles
and theme parks, lord.  We seldom sing of anything more joyous than the
assassination of an enemy.  And most of my songs are sad and dolorous,
not to mention downright depressing."
   "And why should such songs be unfit for my castle?  We who have long
offered entertainment and amusement may surely listen to echoes from a
primitive and barbarous country without such benefits?  Then we may be
certain that there remain markets to be exploited."
   Pipsqueak's heart sank.  Most of the songs he knew were bawdy
ballads entirely out of place in the family-oriented atmosphere of
Minas Tirith™; but at length he dredged up from his memory a semi-clean
piece that was pseudo-traditional in his family, to be sung with a
Bucklebeltland Brogue:

   <i>From the day that we're born till the day that we die,
   There's never a pleasure that money can't buy,
   So pour out the whiskey and drink it with glee,
   For Death and the Devil are our company!

   In the game-hall we gamble till money be gone,
   Then the shirts off our backs go to him who has won,
   But never mind money, we'll get more for free,
   When Death and the Devil are our company!

   In the bawdy-house we'll find Jill, Janet and Rox,
   We'll enjoy them each one till they give us the pox,
   Which the apothecary cures for a small fee,
   Since Death and the Devil are our company!

   In a dirty back alley well covered in mud,
   A jolly sharp bodkin shall pour out our blood,
   The four of us ever together shall be,
   We, Death and the Devil in one company!</i>

   By the end of this song, Denethor™ was laughing and pounding his
fist on the table in time to the music.  "Well done!" he cried. 
"Flunkey!  We've got a new musical here!"
   Gandalf interrupted.  "Denethor™!" he said.  "We should be talking
about the Rohirrim and their policies, and the position of Eonard,
HeyHoDen's nephew..."
   "Nutz to that," Denethor™ replied.  "I already know all about it. 
Say, Paragraph, you'd better get into the livery of the Tower, I like
all of my manservants to wear it.  Return when you are suitably clad!"

   Pippin wandered somberly from the Tower, hoping against hope that he
would be spared the ordeal.  The weather, as predicted, was quite
gloomy, and it was only by sheer accident that, after many hours of 
"accidentally" wandering around the city (and noting the few gin-joints
and speakeasies still open for business) that he ran into Bererond
again.  Bererond had to chase him for many blocks before catching him;
but at last, yielding to the older man's sense of propriety, he found
himself ensconced with Bererond in a high embattlement of the city,
looking out at the scene below and licking his chocolate éclair.
      It was the sunset hour, and maybe across the river in Ethelien
Frodo and Sam were romping in Disgiliath, but here in the shadow of
Minas Minnie nothing so orgiastic could possibly occur. Pipsqueak
sighed.  Already it seemed years to him since he had come to Minas
Tirith™, when he had still been a footloose and spendthrift wastrel. 
Now he was an employee of the Tower of Commerce, earning a salary.  In
some other time and place Pipsqueak might have been pleased with his
benefit package, but he knew now that with Minas Tirith™'s stock
sinking like a rock, his options were fast becoming worthless.  He
fretted.
   "You are concerned about your stock options?" Bererond said cannily.
   "Yes," admitted Pipsqueak, "very; but I'm more worried about the
depressing effect this trade war will have on the entire economy.  Not
to mention the depressing effect the weather is having on me.  Do you
often have such glooms when the wind is in the East?"
   "Nay," said Beregond, "this is no weather of the world.  This is
some pollution brewed by the Dark Lord in his great factories in
Nurnenshire.  Doubtless he is producing some new product that can be
produced more cheaply and in more massive quantities than our own
tourist fare."
   "Yes," said Pipsqueak.  "I think Gandalf is also worried about the
competition.  And I think he was disappointed not to find Faramir here. 
And where has he got to?  He seemed to have lost some argument with
Denethor™, and was in a bad mood, more so than usual.  Perhaps he has
some foreboding of Bad News."

"Black Men!" muttered Pipsqueak.  "Black Men of the air!"

"So you know of them," Bererond replied. "But in enlightened Minas
Tirith™, we refer to them as the 'Men in Black'."

"Then those must be...." Pipsqueak faltered.

"Alas, yes.  Those are their Black Helicopters."

"But see, Bererond!  They are hunting something, surely?  See how they
bank and dive, always down to that point over there?  And can you see
something moving on the ground?  Dark little things.  Yes, men in
<i>automovili</i>, four or five.  [Expletive deleted]  Where the [expletive
deleted] is Gandalf?

WHUP WHUP WHUP WHUP WHUP WHUP

   Faint through the noise of the choppers came the long wail of a
siren, ending on a long high note. 
   "Doctor Faramir!  It is his call!" cried Bererond. "But how can he
win through, if these foul whirlybirds are armed with long-range
remote-guided missile systems?  Will no one go out to him?  Faramir!"

Pipsqueak: Gandalf!  Gandalf!  Way to go!  Go get 'em, Gandalf!  Baby
needs a new pair of boots!  Go on!  Go on, Knight Rider!  Go go
Gandalf!

   It was not long before a noisy hubbub was heard in the streets
leading up from the outer circles, and there was much cursing and
crying of the names of Faramir and Mesprendeur.  Presently Pipsqueak
saw headlights, and followed by a huge crowd, Mesprendeur riding slowly
on a huge Haug of Mordor (or <i>Harlë</i> in the Elfish tongue).  On his
handlebars, spread in a good imitation of a Pietá, was the limp body of
Doctor Faramir.
   Pipsqueak pressed forward as they passed through the gates, and when
he saw Faramir's death-like face he caught his breath.  It was not the
pallor that dismayed him -- he had seen corpses aplenty before -- but
the unholy likeness between Faramir's visage and that of Gandalf riding
behind.
   The Haug screeched to a halt, still belching smoke.  "Friends,"
Gandalf said sadly, "I come to you bringing ill news.  Here is Doctor
Faramir, who has been, I fear, mortally wounded in the motor accident
that tragically occurred just as I was saving him from the grip of the
evil Black Helicopters."
   A sigh arose from the crowd, as well as a high-pitched "No!" from
Pipsqueak.  At its sound, Faramir suddenly opened his eyes.
   "I'm not dead yet!" he gasped, glazed eyes staring at the heavens. 
"I have seen... halfwitts!  Like him!" he continued, pointing in
Pipsqueak's direction, "But in Ethelien, bearing the R..."
   At Faramir's first words, Gandalf bent over him with a concerned
look.  One hand of Gandalf's was upon Faramir's breast and another
behind his neck as Faramir's last word collapsed into a dying croak. 
"Alas, alas!" cried Gandalf.  "Faramir has passed away even as he gave
us his last words: 'Victory, victory to Gondor™ forever!'  Farewell,
Prince of Gondor™!  Take him away to the Tombs.  Bitter will be this
death for Denethor™, Steward and CEO."  He bowed his head in grief.

   So at length Gandalf and Pipsqueak came to the private chamber of
Denethor™.  There were recliners and good central heating, and cold
beers were brought; and Pipsqueak hid behind Denethor™'s chair, having
no will to get involved in the inevitable argument.
   "So, Denethor™," Gandalf began, "Now all have seen me risk my life
to save your son.  Let my good will to Gondor™ be doubted no more! 
Alas that I could not give my life to save his!"
   Denethor™ snorted.  "You killed him," he replied.
   "Piffle," quoth Gandalf.  "He sustained severe injuries in the car
accident..."
   "Which you caused," interposed Denethor™.
   "Which accidentally happened in the course of my rescue mission. 
Would you rather he was killed by Nazdaq bullets?"
   Denethor™ shrugged.  "You tell me.  He was your son, after all."
   Gandalf arose, red-faced.  "I deny that!"
   "Whatever.  In any case, your point is that you have now convinced
certain gullible persons in the City that you are a hero, and you
intend to use your new-found status to claim influence.  Very well. 
What do you want?"
   Gandalf drew himself up, and began to speak as if declaiming a
speech long rehearsed.  "The Elder Age is gone, Denethor™, Lord of Men. 
The Middle Ages are passing. Now comes the New Age, and a vast fortune
is to be made selling crystals, beads, books, and tapes of soothing
music to an immense new market.  This is the world which we must rule!"
   "Bullcrap, Gandalf!  That'll always be a niche market and you know
it.  Whereas in every age people want to see movies about bouncy
animals with big eyes, so I'm not worried about these Ages anyway.  But
what do you mean 'we'?  You and your tapeworm?"
   Gandalf strode up and down the room, making Kow-milking motions with
his hands.  "I am offering you a state beyond your comprehension!  Do
you not see how events have providentially transpired?  Your heirs are
lost to you.  But, as if from heaven, there comes from the north a
scion of ..."
   "I have an heir, Mesprendeur," Denethor™ calmly interrupted.
   "What?" Gandalf sneered.  "Your elder son, Boromir™, is most
certainly dead -- I have reliable reports that he died in a hail of
Ork-bullets across the Anduin..."
   "Yes, yes, I know all that."
   "You do?"
   Denethor™ winked.  "Never mind."
   "And your son Faramir has just died."
   "I still have an heir.  And I wasn't planning on dying or going
bonkers just yet, so holdjer horses and wait in line and tell Aragon
son of Arabarf,  or whatever his name is, to park his résumé with
Central Casting."
   Gandalf stood up, tall and terrible, and fixed Denethor™ with a
deadly piercing gaze.  "My Lord Denethor™," he said, "the cares and
troubles of office, the tragical deaths of your two sons, and a rapidly
encroaching senility have weakened your reason.  Your wife Clarabella
is long dead, you are old and impotent, and since her death you have
preferred the company of strapping young men in very short sailor
tunics.  You cannot possibly have an heir."
   Denethor™ burst out laughing.  "Did you come all this way just to
try to reclaim your job as Court Fool?  You're just proving that you
really <i>were</i> 'out of the loop'.  I remarried years back, in a small
private ceremony to which you were <i>not</i> invited.  And you vastly
underestimate the power of the loins of the House of Húrin.  As for the
Guard uniform - heh - I just think it's cute."
   "Then who is this heir?" Gandalf shouted furiously.
   "Ah," replied Denethor™ with a grin, laying a finger aside of his
nose, "perhaps my heir would be safer if left unknown to Monsieur
Mesprendeur.  I leave it to you to find out.  But I'll give you some
hints: despite a certain youthful appearance, my heir has already
solo-climbed Mount Minnie, gone spelunking in the Caves of Aglarond,
deep-sea-dived in the Bay of Tampalas, defeated the Corsairs in their
own stadium twice, is an astronaut (<i>elenciryamo</i>) in Project Elemmírë,
a Brigadier of the Citadel Guard..."

   Early in the morning the Council had been summoned.  There were
Denethor™, Lord of the City; Forlong the Fat, Lord of Lotstarch,
Captain of Gondor™; Ariellë, Steward's heir; Paragraph Took, Court
Songster; and Gandalf the White, recently reinstated, following a
series of truly amazing pratfalls, as Court Fool.  Forlong had had a
specially-built, triple-sized chair brought in for him, and as the
initial formalities were being completed had been snarfing down a load
of unpeeled potatoes provided him in a bushel basket.  "Hieland spuds,
specialty o' Lotstarch," he grunted confidentially to Pipsqueak with a
grin.  "Guid for wha' ails ye!"
   "Friends," Denethor™ began, "today the fate of Gondor™ is on
the line.  Our stocks are slipping and our expenses are mounting.  If we
can't fight off Sauron and his corporate lawyers, our trademarks may be
invalidated and <i>poof</i>, there goes our franchise.  We're looking at
bankruptcy, lady and gentlemen.  Bankruptcy."
   Silence filled the Council hall save for a gasp from Pipsqueak.
   Forlong interrupted.  "If I may put in a wee word, my Laird
Steuart," he began.  Ariellë sighed and took out a book.  
   "My Lord Forlong," nodded Denethor™.
   "Weel, ye see it's this way.  Back in Lotstarch we hae a wee sayin',
that findin's keepin', and keepin's haein'.  Noo I am registered and
trademarked, as the custom is, as 'Forlong the Fat', and I canna be
haein' imposters imposin' upon my wee scrap o' territory.  So wha' I'm
askin' is, why yon porridge-stuffed beggar" -- he pointed at Gandalf --
"is gi'en yer Lairdship's countenance at this meeting."
   "My Lord Mesprendeur is a very funny fellow," Denethor™ began to
reply.
   "Aye, aye, tha's a' very weel, but as we say in Lotstarch, twa
bellies in ae ruim must come tae blaws.  There's anely ruim enow in
Gondor™ for ane fat man, and that man's Forlong.  I insist that this
'Gandalf' the Wizard, Clown or whate'er he be, cease and desist from
bein' fat for as lang as he dwells in this kingdom.  Those are my
richts, my Laird, and I demand 'em!"
   "My Lord Forlong," Denethor™ answered dubiously, "we are not here to
discuss your trademarks... and I don't see how Gandalf can stop being
fat."
   "We'll soon see aboot that," Forlong replied. "I challenge this
sae-called Gandalf tae a duel -- here and noo, my laird, here and noo!"
   "Not in the Council Hall -- please, my Lord..."
   "Och Aye, m'laird!  'Tis written in Ye Olde Medieval Charter that
yer wise ancestors granted to Minas Mickey, that a dispute between
members o' the Council sall be decided anely in the Council Hall!  My
richts, Laird Steuart! I demand my richts!"
   Denethor™ sighed.  Pipsqueak thought he saw Ariellë mouth words
across the table, something like "f....n rules lawyer".  
   "Denethor™!" Gandalf fumed.  "Are you really going to permit this
outrage?"
   Denethor™ shrugged.  "Court Fools are expendable.  You'd better
prepare yourself.  Lord Forlong, what is the form of the duel?"
   "As it e'er has been and sall be... wrastling tae a fall, o' course!"
   Forlong rose from the table and began to strip off his clothing. 
Underneath his tunic, he turned out to be wearing a white loincloth
suspended from a broad black belt.  Stomping to the far end of the
Council Hall, he began spreading a large circle on the floor, composed
entirely of potatoes.  Taking his stance at one side of the circle, he
stamped loudly with both feet.  
   Gandalf, most unwillingly, was pressed into the circle by the
others.  He was not obliged to remove his robes.  Forlong began to
circle around him as Gandalf began to intone "I am Gandalf the White,
the Great Wizard.  Hear my words and obey them.  Your limbs are w....
OOF!"
   Forlong's massive limbs slammed into Gandalf's belly, and reached as
far as they could around his ample girth.  "Huh!" Forlong grunted, as
straining he heaved Gandalf from the ground.
   Gandalf arose easily into the air.  "Hah!" Forlong shouted in a tone
of surprise.  "Licht as ae feether ye are!  Noo feel the micht o'
Forlong the Fat!"  And with a mighty heave he flung Gandalf to the
stone floor.
   And Gandalf bounced.  Five feet in the air he rose from the point
where he had struck the ground, and then he fell, and bounced again. 
"Wha' sorcery?" exclaimed Forlong, baffled for an instant.  Then a
gleam came into his eyes.  "My laird Steuart!  I claim foul play and
cheatin'!  Yon Mesprendeur's nae fat at a'!"
   "What do you mean?" Denethor™ asked.  Gandalf was sitting, somewhat
dazed, chin sunk into his puffy chest.
   "I'll shaw ye," Forlong replied, and darted from the ring to the
table, where he picked up and returned a sharp potato knife.
   "No bloodshed!  No bloodshed!" cried Denethor™ in horror.
   "Nay, my laird, there'll be nane.  Just a wee cut..."  and with that
Forlong stabbed hard into Gandalf's chest.
   There was a tearing sound and then an immense explosion.  Forlong
was blown across to one of the side walls.  When the others looked back
at Gandalf, blown to the opposite wall, they saw that his chest had
wholly caved in.  "Balloons!" chortled Forlong in glee.  "Th'
impostor's been usin' rubber balloons!"

   The stunned Gandalf was returned to the table, where a search
revealed several more balloons.  These removed, he appeared much less
imposing, and spent a long time chewing at his beard and muttering to
himself.
   "Now that this trademark dispute has been satisfactorily resolved,"
Denethor™ said, "we can return to our business.  Now I understand,
Forlong, that you alone responded to the summons sent to the provinces. 
Where are the rest of our Field Staff?  Where are Degrevant of Ringlet
Vale, Dodinas, Dinadan and Dagonet of the Vale of Martha*, Galahaut of 
Gwyntystorm, Duke Angér of Lameduc, Hervis of the Green Hills of
Vermont, the deep-sea divers of the Ether, and not least of all, where
is Prince Amraphel of Dinas Emrys?"

[* Named for an ancient Steward of Gondor™.]

   "Och," Forlong replied, "Weel, Degrevant was hae'in motor trouble,
Dodinas, Dinadan and Dagonet were on vacation, Galahaut had tae attend
his grandniece's wedding, Angér was plannin' a fishin' party, Hervis
didn't feel like it, the deep-sea divers were deep-sea divin', and
Amraphel was oot tae lunch, or sae I hae been tald."
   "So we have nothing to stand against Sauron's subpoenas, or whatever
else he chooses to throw at us."
   "Aye, but we can tak 'em weel, my Laird!  Those Sauron boys are
nobbut a rabble o' pantywaists, if ye ask me."
   "If the subpoenas are to be served, they'll be served at
Disgiliath," Gandalf put in suddenly.  "'Twere best to ambush the
lawyers there."
   "So who will lead the ambush?" Denethor™ asked, and silence reigned
once more.
   "Mesprendeur has a sartin heroic presence, or sae they tell me,"
Forlong said at length, not without sarcasm.
   "Yes," answered Gandalf snidely, "but due to a certain person's
interference, I no longer possess the powers of divine rotundity given
me by the Valar to aid Gondor™!  I have heard, however, that the Lord
of the City has in his service a person of great strength and skills:
astronaut, navigator, skydiver, general..."
   "Who, me?" said Ariellë looking up from her book.  "Sure, I'll go."


   Messengers came again to the Tower chamber, and this time Pipsqueak
let them enter.  "Bombs are falling all over the City, Lord," they
said.  "What do you want us to do?  Nobody wants to follow Mesprendeur,
much less stay on the walls and offer a target visible from seven miles
away."
   "Fly," muttered Denethor™, looking at one that buzzed around the
chamber with a hungry look.  "Why don't the fools fly?  They could if
they had wings.  But we all have wings, even the Balrogs.  We could fly
away from here, somewhere over the rainbow, way up high..."
   "There are reports, Sir, that the enemy is contemplating a gas
attack.  Should we start distributing gas masks and pills?  There are
only enough for a few of us."
   "Gas," said Denethor™.  "Better to be gassed sooner than later, for
life's a gas.  And I?  I will go to my gas chamber!  For it's all right
now.  In fact it's a gas!  I'm Jumping Jack Flash, it's a gas, gas,
gas!"
   The messengers turned and fled.
   Denethor™ looked at Pipsqueak and winked.  "That always works," he
whispered.  "Well, we'd better evacuate.  Probably the safest place is
the Tombs, on the other side of the Hill, under Mount Minnie.  Call
some servants and we'll take Ariellë there.  And, if we're lucky, we'll
soon see the Angels of Avalon."

   Pipsqueak called the servants, and taking up Ariellë's bed they
climbed out of the bunker into the Seventh Circle.  The clouds above
them were lit with red flashes from explosions and the white of
searchlights.  The sound of the Nazdaq choppers rang clear through the
still air.  Its own floodlights out, the Castle of Lornavaniwen loomed
dark against the clouds behind them.  Denethor™ stopped by Tarzan's
Treehouse and sighed.   They passed on into the Sixth Circle, and so
back west to the rear of the City.  There, where the walls were stained
with graffiti, stood an almost unregarded, inconsequential looking
door, painted a peeling pale green, with a keyhole in the center of its
metal knob.  Postno Bills it was called, on account of the stenciled
letters faintly spraypainted on it.  Beyond it went a winding road that
descended into the narrow land between Minas Tirith™ and Mount Minnie,
where half the City threw its garbage.
   It was also the place of the Tombs of the Stewards.  Denethor™
fished the key out from his rather impressive keyring and unlocked the
door, and they wound on down the road, Denethor™ holding a lantern
high.  Pipsqueak shuddered gloomily, for it was cold; and he did not at
first notice Denethor™ speaking to him.  "...eward Berendan sailed into
the West.  There he came upon the island of the fallen angels, the
Angels of Avalon, who live in a great tree covered with white feathers
from their wings; for the sky is filled with good and bad that mortals
never know.  They sheltered him, and promised him that if ever the City
was in danger, they would come up out of the sunrise..."
   "Er, what?" said Pipsqueak.  "The sunrise in the west?"
   "So the prophecy is told.  And they would fight on behalf of Gondor™
against the Tyrant, the Evil One, and the Dragon of Darkness."
   "Um, that's nice," Pipsqueak muttered.  Obviously the old man had
lost his mind.
   They came at last to the Silent Street, and entered the House of the
Stewards.  In this chamber were many stone tables, and on each was a
sleeping form.  "Suspended animation," hissed Denethor™.  At a sign,
the servants laid Ariellë down on an empty stone table.  Then Denethor™
spoke in a low voice.
   "Here we will wait," he said.  "But send not for the embalmers, for
she is not dead, and will not die, I think.  While the the Dark Lord
rides in force we shall remain here, waiting for the Angels of Avalon,
waiting for the eastern glow.  Time will tell us all.   You may go. 
Farewell!"
   "By your leave, lord!" said Pipsqueak and turned and fled.  <i>What a
dangerous lunatic</i> he thought to himself.  <i>Needs a</i> real <i>good
psychotherapist.  I had better find Gandalf</i>.  As he came back into the
sixth circle the sounds of the bombing returned again to his ears. 
Missiles were arching high above the walls in flaming streaks, and
leaving glaring flashes of electric white where they touched down. 
Even as he watched on in dismay, three missiles struck within the
seventh circle, and with a hideous rumble, the white Castle of
Lornavaniwen shuddered and fell into ruin.
   Pipsqueak ran on, down, down toward the outer city.  Some folk,
seeing his sailor tunic, turned and shouted, but he paid no heed.  At
last he came into the First Circle, where the fires were still raging. 
But it had become strangely silent; for a moment, it seemed, the
shelling and missile attacks had halted.  No other noise could be
heard.
   Then suddenly there was a dreadful, high-pitched wail, and a deep
echoing boom.  Shaking in fear, Pipsqueak forced himself forward into
the Gate Square.  There he stopped. He had found Gandalf, but could
proceed no further.

   Ever since midnight the assault had proceeded apace.   The drums of
the Flag and Drum corps rolled, while the brass crashed and the
trumpets brayed to the hoarse voices of the Orken army.  Ever and anon
the artillery spat fire against the walls; but their Captain cared not
if they actually hit anything, their purpose was only to keep the men
of the City busy in many places.  Made by the ancient Atlanteans from
Adamantium™, no cannon or missile blast could pierce the armor plating
of that wall.  But the weak link in the whole wall was the Gate; and
against it the enemy was throwing all its strength.
   The drums rolled louder, shaking the castle walls.  Tanks crawled
across the field; but on the ground in front of the Gate, recking
nought of any counterattack from the First Wall, were explosive experts
setting up their charges.  Long wires ran back from the Wall to the
detonator.
   The drums rolled wildly.  Over the hills of the slain that had
fallen before the gate the Ringwraith rode in black, the Nameless Tenor
come to exult over his foe.   He rode slowly, caring nothing for the
chatter of small arms fire that still came from the walls.  He halted
just before the gate, and removed some sheet music from his breast
pocket.  And as he did so a great fear fell on all, defender and foe
alike, and the gunfire fell silent.  For a moment all was still.
   Then in the distance the orchestra began to play, no marching tune
this time, but an aria --- and with that the Black Captain cried aloud
in a dreadful voice, singing in some forgotten tongue words of power
and terror to shatter both eardrums and glass:

      <i>La donna è mobile qual pium' al vento,
      Muta d' accento -    e di pensiero.
      Sempre un' amabile   leggiadro viso,
      In piant' o in riso, è menzognero.
      La donna è mobil' qual pium' al vento,
      Muta d' accento -    e di pensier',
      e di pensier',    e di pensier'!

      è sempre misero   chi a lei s'affida,
      Chi le confida -  mal cauta il core!
      Pur mai non sentensi felice appieno
      Chi su quel seno -   non libo amore!

      La donna è mobil' qual pium' al vento,
      Muta d'accento -  e di pensier',
      e di pensier',    e di pensier'!</i>

   And suddenly, on the last shrieking high note, an unseen hand
pressed the detonator and the Gate of Gondor™ burst asunder: there was
a flash of searing lightning, and the doors tumbled in riven fragments
to the ground.

   In rode the Lord of the Nazdaq, under the archway that no enemy had
ever passed without a ticket, and all fled before his face.
   All save one.  There sat Gandalf upon his Mordor-made Haug, which
alone among the vehicles of Gondor™ had failed to start, despite
repeated attempts.
   "You cannot enter here," croaked Gandalf, and the Leech-king halted. 
"Go back to the cheap recording studio prepared for you!  Go back! 
Fall into the nothingness of low ratings and popular disdain that
awaits you and your Master!  Go!"
   The Ringwraith let fall his cloak, and behold!  He was all clad in
formal evening wear, with white tie and black tail coat.  A conductor's
baton was in one hand, and a glass of champagne in the other.  He
chuckled drily.
   "Old Fool!" he said.  "This is my hour.  Didst thou think thou
couldst upstage me?  Die now, with thy vulgar commercialized
entertainment, and curse in vain!"  And with that he lifted high his
right hand and an electric shimmer ran down his baton.

   Gandalf still could not start his Haug.  And at that very moment, in
some unburnt apartment adjoining the Gate Square, an alarm clock went
off.  

BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP...

   Shrill and clear it beeped, caring nothing of opera or rock'n'roll,
knowing only that it was set at six thirty a.m.
   And as if in answer there came from far away another sound.  Sirens,
sirens, sirens, echoing from the sides of Mount Minnie.  Sirens of the
hordes of the North.  Edoras had come at last.

It was dark and Morrie (Otto) was awakened by the smell of gasoline and
burning tires.   He felt the throb in his head and remembered the night
before.  He remembered being thrown out of the Winnebago.  "Stupid blonde," he
cursed.  "I should have never ridden with her.  Oh, what the heck; I'm Morrie,
or someone like that, now, and I'm <i>supposed</i> to go around riding on motorcycles
with hot royalty."
     He dimly recall the wild night of riding the bike through the plains of
Rohan.  Eowynifred's hair blowing in his face.  The smell of her perfume and
Wormtounge's liquids on her.  And then the crash.  Eowynifred, in a moment
of frenzied ecstasy, had rode the bike so fast that she forgot to watch out
for the King and the dwarves.  She plowed through the dwarves and charged
straight into HeyHoDen and his mount which had just stopped to take a dump.
"Stupid blonde..."
     Just then Eonard tumbled over Morrie's (Otto's) prostrate form in the
darkness.
     "What the hell?"
     "Oh, sorry dude, I didn't mean to trip you."
     "Sure you didn't.  What the hell are you doing out here anyway?"
     "I fell off the motorcycle and just got up.  I was talking to myself."
     "Sure you were, you pothead.  Playing with yourself is more like it.  I
swear I heard you say the word blonde..."
     After merrily clearing up this mess with Eonard, Morrie (Otto) set out with
him to see what HeyHoDen was up to.  They found the King sitting at the
nearest Taco Bell munching on a chalupa while Balin and the dwarves sat
nearby.
     "Stupid pigs, I told then I wanted the damn dog in the commercial, not the
chalupa," growled HeyHoDen.
     "Now, now," said Balin, "Its better than <i>crap</i> you know."
     "Actually I rather prefer <i>crap</i>.  A little ketchup makes a huge difference,
you know," commented Wormtounge.
     "Shut up, you fool,"  said HeyHoDen.  "We are totally screwed in the ass.
Those pigs are gonna catch up with us before we get to Gondor™ and the City
thing."
     "Just wish there was some wild man to show us a short cut to -"

     Just then a totally naked man jumped in front of them.  He wore nothing
but a feather in his hair and held a crushed Coke can in his hand.  Eowynifred
nearly fainted with delight.
     "How."
     "How?"
     "HOW."
     "How?"
     "How.  I am Sitting Bull of the <i>injuni</i>.  I come to make peace and
smoke weed with the white man."
     "Hey, count me in too,"  said Morrie (Otto).
     "Listen, you naked old freak," HeyHoDen shouted. "We don't need weed, we
need a shortcut through the woods so that we can plunder Gondor™."
     "Don't listen to that dildo,"  shouted Morrie, even louder, "Give me that
pipe, man."
     The <i>injun</i> reached behind him and with a grunt produced a pipe.
     "Ain't nothing like a wide anus to store your pipe in, man," commented
Eonard.
     Sitting Bull grinned and proceeded to light it up and pass the pipe around.
After everyone was totally stoned he proceeded to talk.
     "I help you find shortcut.  I show you way to Stoned City.  There you
destroy Magic Mountain and that bastard Denethor™.   As he dies tell him
never to throw trash in my forests again.  Then you leave <i>injuni</i> alone to
their pipe-weed smoking.  Aight?"
     "Sure thing,"  said Balin. "Lead the way, dude."
     "Wait up," shouted HeyHoDen, "what if this naked freak of nature leads us
into a trap and kills us all?"
     "Then we'll kill him," said Balin.
     "But if we're already dead how are we gonna kill--" muttered Eonard.
     "Splendid," shouted HeyHoDen.  "Lead the way, Sitting Bull.  And remember,
the only good <i>injun</i> is a dead <i>injun</i>."

     The small company consisting of the royal family, Morrie (Otto), the
dwarves, and Sitting Bull passed into the forest.  They traveled and
traveled and traveled.  After some time they stopped to view the wonders of
Dunland.  They saw Pooh in the honey tree.  "Yum, yum."  They saw the
lamppost still burning bright.  HeyHoDen went over for a walk with Aslan and
learned new and interesting ways to impersonate Christ.  Robin Hood
himself dropped by for a chat and got instantly hooked on Eowynifred.  He
insisted on calling her Maid Marian and followed her for many miles until
she utterly rejected him by making sweet love to Sitting Bull.  Robin
instantly took his arrow and slit his own wrists, dying in a pool of his own
blood, rejected by a fair lover.  They journeyed on, stopping at fast food
restaurants and eating plain old <i>crap</i> when there was nothing else.  And so
this relievingly short chapter drew to an end as Morrie (Otto) sat on the
ground and prepared some "grass" with a couple of <i>injuni</i> who had come along
for the ride.

     "Tomorrow, Gondor™ and all her riches and glory," muttered HeyhoDen
earnestly.
     "Can't wait to get my hands on Denethor™,"  injected Eowynifred.  "I've
heard that those Stewards are great in bed, way better than the Kings of old -
like that sad flab Aragorn, or whatever his name is."
     "Oh, man, this weed is great."
     "Hell yeah."
     "Morrie, when this war stuff is over, I'm coming over to the Shire and
growing a plantation for myself."
     "Hell yeah."
     "Good stuff, this pipe weed."
     "Hell yeah."
     "Don't <i>hell yeah</i> me, you dingaling.  I'm the King, HeyHoDen the
Mighty Pipe and Bong Smoker."
     "Hell yeah."

     HeyHoden smiled, lay down in his sleeping bag, farted and started stroking
the lovable hobbit (Otto).
     "HELL YEAH."


As the alarm sounded the Lord of the Nazdaq looked at his watch,
proferred an inappropriate expletive for a kid's amusement park and ran
out the gate again, muttering something about being late for his lecture
on the arts in war.  Seeing this, Gandalf went back to "cheering" the
defenders with his peddler's trick.  His real purpose was of course to
steal their purses while their concentration was elsewhere. Since he
absolutely hates to pick money off a dead corpse, he always tries to
do it before they die.

  Going back in time a bit, let's look at what really happened before
HeyHoDen sounded his horns.  As HeyHoDen was galloping towards Minas
Tirith™ the <i>injuni</i> leading him saw the cowboys ahead and left in
disgust, leaving the Rohirrim suddenly in the front of the battle.
Meanwhile his army of seven acrobatic dwarves insisted on making a
small detour by their house which was close by.  When they got there,
they went in and left a message that read as follows: <i>Snow White, we
have gone to help HeyHoDen defend Minas Tirith™, as soon as you come
back home with your Prince Charming, could you send him along with his
army to give us a hand, thank you.</i>  After this small interlude they
continued their dash towards the battle field, to find it all aflame,
and they figured that no one had heard their horns since none stopped
to great them.  At this, HeyHoDen felt that his special greeting for
Aragon was definitly deserved.  His whole plan rested on Gondor™
believing him to be an ally and thus letting him through the ticket
booth. Once inside, he could safely prepare a greeting for Aragon that
he would remember for the rest of his days - since his days would
scarcely exceed his entrance into Minas Tirith™.  
  As he was riding hard for the gate, HeyHoDen came by all nine Nazdaq. 
They were intently listening to one who appeared to be their leader by
his girth. He was rambling on about something, and the words <i>art</i> and <i>war</i>
kept coming up pretty often.  While he talked he kept on pointing at
different parts of the battlefield and the fortifications.  When
HeyHoden was level with them he clearly heard him say "break time" and
next thing he knew they were all signing and clapping rhythmically while
one of their number danced jerkily; which brought them all, including
HeyHoden, into fits of laughter, and a weird state of physical
attraction for them.  Sadly for him, HeyHoden learnt that one should not
laugh hysterically or look to the side for too long while riding as he
toppled and his mount fell on him.  His wounds were so extensive that
he had but a few moments of life left.
  Close behind him Dirthead tried to reach him while he was still alive,
but the chief Nazdaq was in her way.  When he saw her he yelled, "You
may not pass; we are on a class field trip and have priority, you have to
let us pass!"  This led to a long-winded bickering match on who would
pass first.  The hissy fight was settled in the following fashion:
  "No man as small as you may force me to go against the rules of courtesy!"
  Dirthead removed his helmet and answered, "But I am no man, I am
Eowynifred!" and she nimbly dodged around the huge girth of the Nazdaq to
attack him with her secret weapon.  When she reached his back she grabbed
onto his underwear, yanked them up and shouted "WEDGIIIIIIIE!".  At the
same time Otto, who had fallen off the Harley, was picking up a sword to
ineffectively defend himself; but the great girth of the Nazdaq had caused
the wedgie to have terrible effect and he stumbled forwards and onto the
blade which Otto was holding up.  It stabbed him straight through the heart
and he died instantly.  Try as he might afterwards, Otto could never find
his blade again amidst all the folds of the Nazdaq's stomach.  Seeing their
teacher fall in such a way, the rest of the Nazdaq fled in despair.
  Arguing over who had killed the the Nazdaq (they both had good arguments,
one being the bearer of the weapon and the other having gotten the Nazdaq to
fall), Otto and Eowynifred decided to settle the matter with a fist fight. 
To their future despair they each managed to knock the other unconscious, and
to this day this feud hasn't been settled. 

  As all of this happened Eonard realized he had been left alone on the battle-
field, and tried to find his "army".  He did find them, but HeyHoDen was
almost dead and the other two were already unconscious.  He went to his
father who made him swear to kill Aragon at the first occasion he could
find when he could make it pass as an accident.  Eonard swore and asked his
dying father whether he could do anything to ease his last moments, at which
HeyHoDen replied:
  "The only thing which would make me happy is if you found a way to make my
death fake, or resurrect me (which is quite plausible in this story) so that I
may retired at an old folks' complex, much like the one we passed on our way
here...."
  With that HeyHoDen King of Edoras died.  As he saw the seven dwarves weep for
the late king, Eonard told then not to weep; for now Rohan had a strong king,
and he would not have let those pigs desert them, he would have chained them and
dragged them behind Harleys to get them to respect his might.  "But no more
fretting," he said, "let us join this fray once more to find Aragon!"  So he
left, too happy to be King to care for his safety, and did not see Otto wake up.
  Otto awoke painfully. He groggily brought Eowynifred to the city ticket booth,
paid the exhorbitant entrance fee, and dragged her to the infirmary; he really
wanted to know how to ride like her.  If he was going to take over Morrie's
drug cartel, he had to have an awe-inspiring skill like that one.

  As the men of Gondor™, who by then were totally demoralized by
Gandalf's lame tricks, saw Eonard fight, they were inspired to perform
deeds of glory.  They aranged a sortie with the cowboys of the Pelennor,
and started circling the students of Mordor.  To their dismay they
found out that the graduates and men with black feet and white hands had
been kept as reserves by the late rector of Mordor university.  His vice
rector, seeing the turn of events, decided to send them in, so that they
in turn started circling the cowboys, but they were obviously going in
the opposite direction as the cowboys were.  From far off on the Anduin
Aragon's party was rowing up the the river on a barge, their number was
the same as when they entered the Paths of the Living plus one goofy
looking character. However, the current being as it was and they having
only two paddles, they had a hard time getting there.  But Aragon was
rejoicing; he had read all of Goscinny's books, and he knew how to win
the fight considering the twist it had taken.  He only hoped that Jolly
Jumper would be up to the task.
  <i>Babar!</i> Aragon again sneered at HeyHoDen's insolence. <i>Babar!</i> To give
Aragon a <i>steed</i> that bore a kingly name! It was as if HeyHoDen was saying
that Aragon was less-kingly material than his bearer. So it was that at
the first available opportunity Aragon had halted his group, stood before
the <i>mumak</i>, announced, "I hereby rechristen thee Jolly Jumper", and
broke a bottle of Dom Peregrin across its head. Aragon smiled at the memory.
The subsequent memory of the angry <i>mumak</i> picking him bodily up and throwing
him into a tree, and the subsequent pain in his side, he tried with difficulty
to forget.
  The battle for Gondor™ went on and on and on. After
  approximatly one hour
of rowing, or circling depending on who you listen to, the fight was ended,
the cowboys mysteriously turned out victorious, the Mordor students were
fleeing, many of them planned on complaining to the Student Society of Mordor
University (SSMU) for the low quality of their frosh week, and Aragon's
barge reached the shore.  Seeing a group of five students who seemingly
wanted to steal their raft, Aragon directed his meager force into a
defensive position, and coordinated the defense from a safe distance
behind his men.  As the last orc died, he rushed towards it and made
sure to be splattered with blood; that way he could pretend to have been
in the heat of the battle.  At the same time as the barge reached shore
Eonard directed his steed at full speed towards the barge, hoping to
reach it on time to pretend a fumble at the same time as he killed
Aragon.  Sadly, he reached the shore thirty seconds after the last orc died
and his plan fell to shambles. His only option was to pretend to be
happy to see Aragon again.  And Aragon was only to happy to explain to
all how he had played a crucial part in the fight, and he had a briuse
(which he got the last time Jolly Jumper toppled under his weight), and
blood all over him (which he poured himself).


The Leech-king withdrew, blistering the air with curses.  At that
moment the Haug finally started up again and Gandalf revved the
engine, preparing to ride through the gate.  Pipsqueak panicked and
ran in front it, nearly getting squashed by the tires.
  "What the hell are you doing?" screamed Gandalf.  "You nearly got
us both killed!  Besides, is it not a law in the City that those who
wear the sailor's shirt must stay in the Citadel?"
  "Denethor™ has gone mad!" cried Pipsqueak.  "He's raving about
angels or something!"
  Gandalf looked through the Gate, and already on the field he heard
the sound of dancing.  He clenched his fist and hoped that the Nazdaq
wouldn't steal his entire audience.  "I must go. The Leech-king is a
broad and he will yet bring the culture of Mordor upon us," he said.
  "But Ariellë!" cried Pipsqueak.  "She is still alive, and they will
gas her if we don't stop them!"
  "She is alive?" asked Gandalf.  "What are you talking about? Be
quick!"
  "Denethor™ has gone to the tombs, and he has taken Ariellë, and
he said life is a gas, and he's waiting for the angels or something. 
Can't you save her?"
  Gandalf muttered something about working right with his plans, and
why should he leave, which Pipsqueak didn't hear.  Pipsqueak tugged on
Gandalf's robes and cried, "Don't just stand there, please hurry!"
  "I will come," said Gandalf.  "If Ariellë is truly alive, then I'll
have to do something about that."  Then he turned the Haug around and
raced up the streets of Minas Tirith™.  Then as they approached
the slopes of Mount Minnie, the streets got to narrow for the Haug
and Gandalf left it behind.  Coming to the green door Gandalf passed
through it and went down the garbage-strewn road that led to the
House of the Stewards.

  Once they reached the House, Gandalf sprang up the steps.  "What is
this madness, Denethor?™" he exclaimed.  "The houses of the dead
are no place for the living.  Where is your daughter, Ariellë?"
  "Madness?" replied Denethor™.  "I am not mad, Mesprendeur.  I
feigned insanity so your friend would bring you here.  And here you
will be tried for your crimes against Gondor™.  We may be doomed,
but I will make sure you pay the price for dooming us."
  Then the room lit up with lights and Gandalf saw that he had indeed
been decieved.  This was no chamber of the dead, or even cryogenically
preserved heads, but a courtroom.  "A trial?" he asked in a sneering
tone of voice.  "For what?  I have committed no crimes."
  "No crimes?" replied Denethor™.  "Mesprendeur, you are charged
with treason, two counts of murder, attempted murder, conspiracy, and
a host of other assorted offenses."
  "You have no proof," snorted Gandalf.
  Suddenly Denethor™ laughed, and leaped onto a bench.  He reachd
under his robes and drew out a Palantarium.  Pipsqueak gazed at in
amazment, for it was smaller than the Palantarium which was given to
Aragon, though he did not now that this was the famed Laptop
Palantarium of which many legends tell.
  Then, activating the Valatilë software that had been installed on
the Palantarium, Denethor™ began to project some images on a
screen behind him.  Pipsqueak gazed upon it with wonder, but Gandalf
began to feel uneasy about and hoped fervently that the uneasiness did
not show on his shifty face.  "Do I not know thee, Mesprendeur?"
laughed Denethor™.  "So!  With the left hand you would use me to
further your own twisted goals, and with the right bring up this
Ranger of the North to supplant me."  The image on the screen
focused, and Pipsqueak saw that it was Aragon, at the Falls of Rauros.
He claimed to Giggly and Lego-lass that Boromir™ was dead, and
then kicked the warrior to shut him up when he protested.  "So your
pawn tried to eliminate my son, no doubt on your orders, but it didn't
work.  Boromir™ lived."  Then the image wavered and shifted, now
showing Boromir™ travelling through the Dead Marshes.  "Luckily for
me, your Ranger requires a short leash; every time you let him out of
your sight, he always botches your plans up."  Then the image shifted
again, showing Boromir™ falling in a hail of bullets, and then
coming back to life in the Passages of the Dead, with a goofy-looking
face which Aragon had given him.
  "I don't know what kind of sick game Aragon is playing; but he will
find becoming king to be difficult, if Boromir™ still lives. 
Let's move on."  The image wavered again, and then it showed Gandalf
talking to Aragon at Deem's Help.  They spoke in the words of Auld
High Elvish, which few in the courtroom understood, but the footage
had been edited with subtitles so everyone would know what was being
said.  As everyone in the courtroom listened to the conversation,
sweat began beading on Gandalf's forehead.  "What else does he have in
that cursed thing?" he thought.  Then Denethor™ spoke again.  "So
here we have proof from your own mouth of your treasonous conspiracy
to overthrow the lawful government of Gondor™."
  Gandalf decided it was time to start bluffing.  "Ha!" he said.  "Who
hear actually understands Auld High Elvish?  For all anyone knows,
Aragon and I could have been discussing barbecue recipies to share
with the Rohirrim!"
  Denethor™ smiled at him mirthlessly.  "I have more evidence to
present to the court, Mesprendeur."  Then the image shifted to the
foot of Eyesore in Isengard.  Gandalf faced a number of accusations,
each worse then the others.  At length he lost his composure, and then
killed Aruman.  "What the hell?" wondered Pipsqueak to himself. 
"That's not how I remember it at all!"  But then it all started coming
back to him; and he eyed Gandalf fearfully, edging away from him.
  While Pipsqueak was remembering what <i>really</i> happened at Deem's
Help, Denethor went on.  "Aruman discovered your plot and exposed you
Gandalf, and so you killed him and tried to cover everything up. 
That's the first count of murder.  As for attempted murder..."  The
screen then went dark; it was night in Pipsqueak's bedchamber. 
Gandalf loomed over Pipsqueak's bed, preparing to smother him with a
pillow, stopped only by the reporters which entered the room a moment
later.  "After your companion revealed the existence of Aragon you
tried to kill him, fearing what else he might expose.  It wouldn't
have mattered anyway, Mesprendur, since the Palantarium sees
everything."  Gandalf had in the meantime had been biting his nails
nervously and had given himself a manicure.
  Denethor™ paid him no heed.  "As for the second count of
murder," he continued.  The screen shifted to the rout from
Disgiliath, just before the Siege began.  "Everyone believes Ariellë
was shot by a Southron during the retreat, but the Palantarium caught
what really happened." The screen shifted to Forlong's rescue. 
Gandalf was riding with them.  As Forlong tried to convince Ariellë
that she had to leave, Gandalf looked around, and then pulled a gun
out from under his robes and shot her in the back.  No one noticed in
all of the confusion and chaos.
  "You arranged the death of Boromir™ and shot Ariellë yourself to
make sure that Dr Faramir would succeed me, since you've already
bribed him heavily to follow you.  Ever since Sauron captured you and
paid you off at Dol Guldur, you've been plotting the downfall of the
House of Hurin.  You may have succeeded, but you will not live to
enjoy your success."
  Then Gandalf knew he had no other recourse.  He popped a canister of
tear gas out from under his robes.  As everyone coughed and choked, he
knocked Pipsqueak out, and drawing a knife stabbed everyone else in
the room.  Then he headed through a small door in the back to the
boiler room and rigged it to blow.  He raced out of the House and up
the garbage-strewn streets just as the city was rocked by an
explosion.  He looked behind him and saw the remains of the House of
Stewards, now gutted with roaring flames.  "That should take care of
the evidence," he said to himself.  All that survived the explosion
was the Palantarium, but all the incriminating data had been destroyed
in the explosion, and it was said afterwards that anyone who looked
into it saw only the logo of Gondor™: a large black circle topped
with two smaller black circles.

  Before waking Pipsqueak up, Gandalf cast a spell of forgetfulness
over him and gave him some false memories to cover up what had
happened.  But in his haste and nervousness, he forgot a key
incantation.  He shook Pipsqueak awake.  "What happened?" Pipsqueak
asked.  "Where am I?"
  "Alas!" said Gandalf.  "He lost his mind, and blew up the House of
the Stewards in his despair.  I barley managed to save you."
  "I see," said Pipsqueak carefully.  Now that his head was starting
to clear, he remembered what happened in the courtroom; and he realized
that he had to be careful and keep his mouth shut if he was to stay
alive.  They continued on toward the Citadel, and then heard a great
voice shout, "Wedgiiiie!"  Gandalf hurried over to the wall and saw
what happened.
  "What was that?" asked Pipsqueak.
  "It would seem that the great Tenor of our enemies has been
destroyed," he said, "but not without grievous pain, for from this
deed will arise a great flame war.  So long has the reach of Sauron
become.  And now I see how his will was able to enter this city. 
Sauron must have taken the Palantarium from Minas Goofy.  Using that
stone, he must have set up a chat room, where he made his foul plans
with Denethor™, and probably Aruman as well.
  Gandalf looked over the wall again, and saw that Aragon had arrived.
  "Now I must go down to the field to greet Aragon and Eonard.  Come
with me!"  Pipsqueak followed quietly.  He hoped Gandalf's plans
hadn't doomed Frodo, and that working class hobbit - what was his name?
Sandy? It didn't matter.  Pipsqueak knew he was the only one who could
save them all.


A mist was over Otto's eyes as he stumbled through the smoking ruins 
of battle, nursing his jaw where Eowynnie had belted him with her heavy 
mailed glove. He was too tired and sickened by the battle to even begin 
looting the bodies. Giant siege engines and overturned catering trucks lay 
burning everywhere, yet he gave them no heed, not even the ones with tuna 
sandwiches; he followed the gurney of HeyHoDen like a man in a fevered 
dream.
     <i>Morrie!</i> he repeated to himself. <i>I'm Morrie! Not Otto. Morrie! 
What's the alternative? Go back to being a janitor for the rest of my life 
when there's an opportunity to become somebody </i>important?<i> I don't 
understand how the hell it happened, but it doesn't matter. I'm Morrie! 
Not Otto. I've got to learn more about my adventurous new life. Wow, this 
city sure looks beat up. I wonder if this is where I live.</i>
     The small party passed its way across the field and through the great 
Gates of Minas Tirith™, which were twisted and crumpled like defective 
aluminum cans. Strings of "E" tickets from the ruined ticket booth coiled 
across the roadway, and Otto, deep in thought, tripped over them and fell 
into an alley. When he righted himself and found his way back to the main 
road HeyHoDen's procession was gone. He stumbled his way through the ashen 
streets at random, hoping to regain sight of his party, or perhaps a bar 
somewhere, or maybe a mailbox with his name on it.
     "Morrie!" a voice called out to him.
     He turned around. A small figure, like a child but wearing the livery 
of Gondor™ and no pants, came out of a side-street and dashed up to 
him. "Morrie!" the figure said again. "Is it really you?"
     "Ja," Otto replied, then tried harder to mask his Scandinavian 
accent. "Uh, yeah," he attempted again gamely. "Frog in my throat. Sorry. 
Uh. Do I know you?"
     "Oh, thank Eru!" Pipsqueak continued, unhearing in his anxiety. "I 
had hoped I might find you! It's Gandalf! Do you remember Isengard?"
     "Oh, ja, ja," Otto blurted out automatically. "Gandalf! Isengard. 
Remember all about that, meeting you there. Yes, sir. Isengard! Remember 
it just like it was yesterday."
     "You <i>do?</i>" Pipsqueak said. "Oh, good! That's good! I was scared I 
was the only one who remembered!"
     "Nope," Otto said quickly. "Like the back of my hand. Perfect memory. 
Uhm. So, how've you been, then, Gandalf? Long time since Isengard. Lot of 
water under the bridge."
     "Oh, I've got so much to tell you! But you must have been in the 
battle. You look terrible!"
     "No, I feel fine," Otto replied.
     "You look at least a foot taller."
     "Uh, no, just new shoes."
     "And you've grown a beard."
     "Uhm. Accident. Wrong bottle. Rogaine instead of aftershave. That's 
all."
     "And it looks like somebody belted you with a heavy mail glove."
     Otto paused. "Well. Uh. Yeah. Yeah, that did sort of happen," he 
conceded.
     Pipsqueak took Otto, soon to be Morrie, by the arm. "I've got to get 
you to the Houses of Healing," he said. "There you can rest, and we can 
compare notes about Gandalf. But be careful! He's around, you know, and he 
has spies everywhere."
     "But I thought <i>you-</i>" Morrie began, then stopped himself. He was 
beginning to feel somewhat disoriented. He allowed the stranger to guide 
him further and further into the City, past small pocket gardens and 
numerous aging gift-shops, towards the Houses of Healing. He was 
lightheaded from the smoke and confused about the identity of the person 
leading him; and someone named Gandalf was around, and had spies 
everywhere, which didn't sound too promising as a beginning to a new life. 
This Morrie thing, he realized, was going to take a little more effort 
than he had thought. Maybe having a quick lie down wasn't such a bad idea 
after all.

     So it was that Morrie lay in the Houses of Healing, with Pipsqueak 
keping watch by his side. Gandalf knew this, but not knowing of 
Pipsqueak's recovered memory he deemed it unimportant. Other, more urgent 
matters were on his mind. "What do you mean, you don't know where Ariellë 
is?" he demanded of the nurses. "She was grievously wounded. Near death. 
They'd bring her here, right? There isn't another Houses of Healing run by 
another Guild or something, is there?"
     "Och, nay, sir," replied the oldest of the women, "the Houses o' 
Healin' are the only healers, sir, and have been for many long years, what 
with our having cornered the market on rare herbs an' folklore an' wool 
blankets an' whatnot, it's a surety ye'll naught be findin' any caregivers 
other than those o' the Houses o' Healin', an' we run all the franchises 
an' the little stores what where visitors might be gainin' a foot-plaster 
or an aspirin or a Band-Aid for when they might have hurts their tootsies 
walkin' all day or fallin' off a ride, for the Houses ha'e done made the 
City a warm an' hospitable place for many an Age, an' are one of the few 
places in these latter days to consistently show a profit-"
     "Spare me your fiscal analysis, Iorritant," Gandalf cut in with a 
wave of his arm, "and your horribly-overdone dialect as well. I've already 
been through the morgue, and I've inspected the ruins of the House of the 
Stewards, and she's not dead in either place. If she's not dead, then 
where the hell <i>is</i> she? Last I saw of her, she wasn't exactly fit to go 
hang-gliding or deep-sea-oyster collecting. If she's <i>alive,</i> I've got to 
find her before she can recover! Uh, so I can <i>help</i> her recover, of 
course."
     "Och, nae, nae, good Gandalph," Iorritant began again. "For there is 
no competition to the Houses o' Healin', like I've sayed. An' there hasn't 
been in long centuries, nae, not since there was a King in Gondor™, for 
they say the King could heal warts an' make penicillin out o' epoxy an' 
the like. For <i>The Hands Of A King Are The Hands Of A Healer,</i> the old 
legends say, an' everyone believes it because it's all capitalized like 
that an' everything-"
     At this Gandalf jumped up suddenly. "Men may long remember your 
words, Iorritant," he grinned, shaking her hand eagerly and then grabbing 
his hat. "The fools. Ha ha ha haaa! Wait right here! I'll be right back. 
And keep the loremasters nearby! I want plenty of witnesses handy!"

     Aragon sat in his little pup-tent with Eonard, sharing a bottle of 
Dunland Slugger's they had found on the field of battle and drinking to 
the fallen. "But what I still don't unnerstand," Eonard slurred slightly, 
"is why we're out here in th's Eruforsaken pup-tent when you're supposed 
to be th' ruler of this whole damn City."
     "I deem the time unripe," Aragon said, pronouncing the syllables with 
grave emphasis. "It would not be well to enter this City while the 
Stewards still reign, for it would divide the City's loyalities in this 
its moment of trial. Also the reigning Steward might have me thrown in the 
dungeon for a century. When Dr Faramir rules the City in peace, however, 
then shall I make my lineage and my Certificate of Authenticity known to 
all."
     "'S good idea," Eonard agreed, once again taking a draught from the 
bottle. "'S'noble."
     Aragon nodded and reached for the bottle when an arm clad all in 
white reached through the tent-flap and yanked him by the lapels. "Come 
<i>on</i>," Gandalf growled in a large stage-whisper. "We've got the 
opportunity of a lifetime here!"

     Gandalf led Aragon quickly through the darkened streets, with Eonard 
stumbling along somewhere behind them. "But you said I should wait until 
the Stewards were all out of commission," Aragon whispered. "That I not 
divide the people in loyalty during this time of strife and all that."
     "You never do what I say anyway," Gandalf whispered back. "Listen! 
They've got these idiotic beliefs about the Kings of old, see? <i>The hands 
of a King are the hands of a healer</i> and like that. The Stewards haven't 
got anything like that, not even aspirin concessions. So all you do is do 
some quick healing, and whammo! Minas Tirith™ is our baked potato!"
     "But those beliefs are true," Aragon began. "The cause of healing is 
noble. For in the ancient days when our people were beset by the Darkness 
and ringworm and foot-fungus in the days of Numenor the great King 
Tar-Palindrome went forth and invented ointment and-"
     "Look, forget ointment. Forget <i>noble</i> for a minute," Gandalf 
interrupted. "Just think healing, okay? One or two quick heals and we'll 
be on top of the oyster, whether Ariellë is alive or not."
     "Ariellë?" Aragon asked, stumbling in mid-step at the name. "Not the 
same Ariellë who-"
     "No! That was somebody else! She's <i>nobody</i>," Gandalf sneered. "Look. 
Forget it. You just do some Kingly-type healing, okay? Let <i>me</i> take care 
of the rest."

     Soon later they were led to Faramir's chamber. The Doctor lay on his 
back in the small stifling room, pierced by the many nightmarish wounds of 
the Black Helicopters and a single, conspicuously ordinary knife-wound in 
his back. Aragon knelt by the bed while Gandalf stood nearby, making sure 
there was a crowd of witnesses just outside the door. "My lord Faramir is 
hurt most grievous," the aging Loremaster intoned through false teeth. "He 
is suffering from what the Atlanteans once referred to as <i>feagurth</i>, or 
<i>mortalius</i> in the Northern dialects, sometimes called <i>spirgrache</i> in 
Edoran, or <i>kifo-smyerte</i> in the Russo-Swahili, or <i>ilbloob-looblooblOObb</i> 
to the Betelgeusean-"
     "What you're saying," Aragon interrupted pointedly, "is that he's 
dead."
     "Uh, well, yes," the Loremaster replied, "not to put too fine a point 
on it. Actually, he was already dead when we brought him in this morning."
     "Then <i>why,</i>" Aragon asked angrily, "have you put him in a <i>bed</i>?"
     "Uh. Well." The Loremaster had the decency to look embarassed. "Well, 
y'see, his health insurance still had some credits on it, what with him 
being a member of the Family of Stewards and all, and, well, we figured 
that, what with one thing and another, with all these heating bills to 
pay, if we gave him a room for a few days we could charge him for it and-"
     "Say no more!" Aragon said, appalled. "Oh, there's going to be some 
reorganization when I come into power-"
     "Look, forget that," Gandalf cut in, stepping in hastily and rubbing 
Aragon's shoulders like a coach readying a prize boxer. "Time for all that 
later. Time to heal, okay? Get in there and heal!"
     Aragon nodded and went to the bed. For a time all was silent. Aragon 
knelt by the body and hummed a quiet mournful tune, just on the edge of 
hearing, which brought to those nearby a vision of green fields and gentle 
spring breezes and Willie Nelson. Then he put a hand upon Faramir's brow 
and whispered, "Doctor Faramir! The King commands. Come back! Come back, 
Faramir!"
     For an hour and yet another the vigil went on. Aragon's voice slowly 
grew quieter, and it seemed to those watching that he was wandering in 
some faraway country, searching for Faramir, looking under invisible rocks 
and draining unseen bogs, and at last whittling a megaphone out of some 
unseen wood so that he could shout further. Gradually more and more of the 
Healers stopped in the doorway and stood in amaze, chiefly because once 
they showed up Gandalf refused to let them leave. Then, just as the 
observers were being driven to the end of their patience, Aragon stood. It 
seemed to those nearby that he looked as one fatigued by a long struggle, 
for his face was grey, and he had a leg cramp. He looked hard upon Dr 
Faramir's peaceful and quiet features, and sighed; and finally he looked 
to Gandalf and the Loremaster, who anxiously awaited his pronouncement.
     "Uh, you're right," Aragon said simply. "He's dead, all right. No 
question."
     The faces of the Healers were alight with amazement, not to mention 
anger, with some sheer frothing annoyance thrown in for good measure. 
Among their grumbles and yells could be heard the shrill highly-pitched 
rodent trap of a voice which was Iorritant's. "'Cor, what a bloody waste 
of time that was," she exploded. "Some 'ealer <i>that</i> one turned out to be! 
About as useful as eggplant in a snowstorm, that one. 'E's even worse than 
Reaver. Remember ol' Reaver and that amputation 'e did for that case o' 
the chills-"
     "Shut up! Shut up!" screamed Gandalf, overriding the din. "Okay, bad 
example, I admit. But the guy was already <i>dead,</i> okay? Look, let's go to 
someone who's just grievously wounded this time."

    Eowynn lay silent and unmoving, her eyes gazing up at the ceiling. Her 
face was deathly white except for a red mark upon her temple which 
strongly resembled the emblem on Morrie's helmet. Eonard stood beside the 
bed, distraught both by the emptiness of his sister's eyes and the more 
poignant emptiness of his bottle. "She was found on the field near 
HeyHoDen," the Loremaster garbled. "Though she was merely hit by some 
wayward soldier's helm, she will not awaken. I fear there is some greater 
mischief at work. We have been unable to give her aid, largely due to fear 
of heightened malpractice premiums."
     "Greater evils are at work here," Aragon explained. "For who among 
mortals could yank the Black Underwear and not take grievous hurt? And yet 
there is more here than this one day's sorrow. Is that not so, Eonard?"
     "Indeed, yes, lord Arag'n," Eonard replied almost soberly. "For she 
was grown disgusted with Edoras, and the foul enchantments o' Wormbreath 
were upon her, and her name has been arbitrarily changed every time she's 
appeared in a chapter. And being trampled by King HeyHoDen's honor guard 
when they were picking up the King's body probably didn't help either."
    Aragon nodded, and again knelt by the body. He watched her quietly for 
some time, particularly her breasts which held his attention for a great 
while. Then, evidently satisfied that she really was breathing, he 
muttered a low incantation and drew from his pouch some thin green leaves, 
which he broke in his hands and dropped into a bowl of water. A sharp 
smell of basil filled the room, tangy and refreshing. Aragon followed it 
up with some garlic, fresh tomatoes, dill, finely diced onion and a touch 
of ginger. He sent someone for Ricotta cheese and some fettucini. Then he 
called softly to Eowynn, saying there would be Italian food and that she 
would miss it all if she slept through it. He called her by her many 
names: Eowynn, Eowinnie, Eowynifred, Dirthead, Hey You In The Back With 
The Eyeliner. He touched her brow and held her hand. He would have given 
her a vigorous chest massage if there hadn't been so many people standing 
around. Finally in desperation he stood up and slapped her very hard, 
several times, whilst screaming her name. Eonard then grabbed his arm and 
shot him a glance which looked remarkably sober. He stopped. He nodded.
     "It is not right for me to wake her," Aragon wisely observed. "For 
her brother should perform that honour. It would only grieve Eowinnie to 
wake up to see me: virile, manly, yet unavailable. Nope, nope, no no no; 
the Right and Noble course is to leave Eowynn in <i>Eonard's</i> capable 
hands!" And just as the assembled witnesses began to howl in protest 
Aragon beat a hasty retreat out of the chamber, Gandalf following mere 
inches behind him.

     Boromir™ lay groggily, fevered and wounded, and still smelling of 
seaweed. "His case is most grave," the Loremaster monotonously droned, 
annoyed that he was being given all the exposition. "Between the <i>mumak</i>, 
the near-drowning, the coral reef and the barnacles, his case is most 
bitter indeed. Not that the <i>king</i> couldn't handle it, of course," he 
added, with a vituperative look at Aragon.
     "Fear not!" Gandalf said airily. "Piece of cake." Moving closer to 
the worried Aragon, he quietly added: "No problem here. You already 
resurrected him back in Chapter Two. And do you know how many times he's 
been killed already? Hell, this man won't stay dead even if you drive a 
spike through his chest. You could electrocute this man with twenty 
thousand volts, cut his body into tiny little pieces, soak them in acid 
and fling them into mighty Anduin and then invalidate his trademark and 
he'd <i>still</i> recover before the ink was dry on the page! Trust me, I've 
seen it happen." Aragon nodded once and made for Boromir™, and had 
scarcely touched his arm before the Great Man of Gondor™ bellowed:
     "<i>AaaarrowwwwphnagaaaaooooooOOOWWWWwwwwwwwwww!</i>"
and immediately convulsed, fell heavily on his face on the floor, and lay 
still.
     There was a long silence.
     "So, uhm... is he cured, then?" Gandalf asked.
     "Owww, 'e's not breathin'!" Iorritant began to squall, in a voice 
shrill and loud enough to be heard over half of Gondor™ despite 
Gandalf's sudden urgent attempts to shush her. "That Aragon bloke 'as 
<i>killed</i> that nice Mr Boromir™! Och, now that's as incompetent a job o' 
healin' as Oi've ever seen in all me days. And to think that Gandalph 
thought 'e could heal people better than <i>us</i>! And wasted our entire 
evening! 'Cor, what a pig! It's good work 'e couldn't find Ariellë; an' 
he was <i>lookin'</i> for her, mind you. About as adept a healer as hittin' 
yourself on the foot with a big rock, I says." This Iorritant said and 
much much more besides, and the rumour of Aragon's incompetence and 
Gandalf's stupidity was carried through the night as if by 
public-relations agents being paid by the word.

     Pipsqueak, already nervous, jumped about a foot when Gandalf and 
Aragon suddenly thrust open the door and pushed their way in; but thinking 
quickly he pretended he was just worried about the sleeping Morrie. 
"There's something different about him," the hobbit explained, desperately 
trying to avoid Gandalf's eyes. "He's been talking in his sleep, which 
isn't Morrie at all; and he's been saying things about brooms and window 
cleaner and ordering new mop-heads before the morrow." And as Gandalf and 
Aragon turned to the bed he took one last apologetic glance at Morrie, 
slipped quickly out the door and ran into the night.
     "It may be the blow to his head has harmed his mind," Aragon intoned. 
He reached over to touch Morrie's brow and said in a commanding voice: 
"Moribund Brandybottle. <i>Awake!</i>"
     "Ja, ja," Morrie said immediately, opening his eyes easily. "Morrie! 
That's me. What d'you need, mister?"
     "Ah-HA!" Aragon laughed, turning quickly to the doorway; but there 
were no witnesses, as Gandalf could no longer restrain them after the 
Boromir™ incident. With a sigh he returned to Morrie and held up a 
hand. "How many fingers?" he asked.
     "All of them," Morrie replied cleverly.
     "How's your memory? Forget anything? Names? Debts?" Aragon continued.
     "Hah! Not <i>me,</i>" Morrie happily told the strangers. "Mind like a 
steel trap. I remember everything."
     Gandalf, who had only been listening with half an ear, suddenly was 
all attention. "Everything?" he asked, his expression dark. "You remember 
<i>everything</i>?"
     "Ja, ja," Morrie replied happily. "Everything. Perfect. Clear as a 
bell."
     "Including Isengard?" Gandalf demanded.
     "Oh, ja!" Morrie grinned. "I was just thinking about Isengard. I 
remember the whole thing! Top to bottom. No memory lapse there."
     "Ah. Well, that's good to know," Gandalf said airily. He proceeded to 
the door. "Guard!" he yelled. "This Halfling has the Plague. Put him in an 
isolation tank and allow absolutely <i>no one</i> to speak to him!"

     "Damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, <i>damn,</i>" Gandalf 
groused a moment later in the deserted hallway. "You <i>really</i> botched 
<i>that</i> job up. Not even Boromir™! My Eru, my <i>dog</i> could resurrect 
Boromir™. A guy can't <i>keep</i> Boromir™ from being resurrected. But 
you just <i>look</i> at him, and <i>whammo!</i> Fit for burial! You stupid, toadying 
imbecile." He opened a chamber door at random and they stepped in.
     "I healed the halfling," Aragon pointed out.
     "I wish you'd healed him like the <i>others,</i>" Gandalf snapped 
irritably.
     "I don't understand," Aragon mumbled. "These are the hands of a King. 
They should have healed! What went wrong, I wonder? Was it the pressure? 
Too many witnesses? Performance anxiety? It's a good thing I don't work in 
porn films."
     "I don't know how the hell I'm going to get you installed as King 
now. You stupid bastard." Gandalf sat down on the bed and was greeted by a 
scream of pain from a soldier with a broken leg. Aragon rolled his eyes in 
exasperation and grabbed the man by the lapels with one regal hand.
     "You. Get out. We're talking."
     "Yes, my Liege," the soldier said, jumping up and walking out 
quickly.
     "Absolutely incompetent. Absolutely bloody incompetent," Gandalf went 
on, not noticing, angrily concentrating on lighting his pipe. "Now if 
you'd tried to heal <i>Ariellë,</i> that might have worked in our favour. But 
she's still out there somewhere, <i>damn</i> it, and so we need a new plan." 
The match broke in his hands and a burning fragment skittered across the 
floor. "New plan. Totally different angle. Like... damn, that was my last 
match. Have you got a match?" He looked at Aragon and then strode angrily 
out to the hallway. "Hasn't somebody in this Eruforsaken dump got a 
fucking <i>match?</i>" he screamed at the top of his lungs; and his voice 
echoed and reverberated off the stone walls.
     "You've got the Ring of Fire," Aragon reminded him quietly.
     "Yeah, but it needs a new flint," Gandalf grumbled. "Okay. Healing 
wasn't it. But we've got to get you doing something Kingly, or else you'll 
never be accepted by this rabble. <i>Damn</i> it. We need a new plan."


Pipsqueak woke up from a deep sleep, thinking he had heard somebody call
his name. As he lay there in the darkness, he heard it again: <i>Paragraph Took,
hear my voice!</i> At first he thought it was Gandalf, but this voice was
different; it was full of warmth, love, and sympathy, so much unlike
Gandalf's nervous babbling. This voice spoke the truth and Pipsqueak would
listen to it and obey what it would command.
  <i>Beware! Gandalf has betrayed you all. Frodo must not be allowed to
complete his mission, and you are the only one who can stop him. Find an
Eagle whose heart is pure, and fly to Mount Doom. You must stop Frodo at all
cost; for if you don't, all of Muddle-Earth will fall into darkness!</i>
  "Sss... uh, Aruman??" whispered Pipsqueak with trembling voice. He sprang
up, but there was nobody at the room, but as an echo he still could hear:
<i>Even the smelliest personnnnn...</i>

  Hand in hand, like lovers do, giggling Giggly and leggy Lego-Lass waltzed
into the City, after morning came; for she wanted to do some shopping, and
folk that saw them pass marvelled to see such an open display of inter-
racial affection; for long had Minas Tirith™ been yoked by a strict
moral code of the Stewards.
  "There are endless lines of toy-stores here," said Giggly looking around.
"But none for the adults, if you know what I mean. When Aragon takes over, I
will talk to him about opening a chain of erotic-shops, selling finest
handmade Dwarvish instruments of pleasure."
  "They need more strip-clubs and escort-services too," said Lego-Lass.
"When Aragon liberates the City, the people of the Wood will send to him
their best exotic dancers, and courtesans who won't hesitate in performing
any act."
  Their casual conversation was interrupted by Arwen, who came running after
them. "Where the hell is my beloved Aragon?!" she said. "He's nowhere in the
camp, and his bed hasn't been slept on whole night! That bastard better have
a good explanation for this." The warrior maiden was unconsciously squeezing
her sabre-hilt with her knuckles white.
  "Hard to say," said Lego-Lass with false sincerity. "Is there an
all-you-can-eat buffet anywhere nearby?" Giggly giggled uncontrollably, and
Arwen gave a menacing glance to the grinning Elven-maid. "Ok, ok. Just
kidding," she continued. "I think he's with Gandalf. They seemed to have
planned to hold some kind of meeting at the conference-room on the top-floor
of the Tower. Gandalf specifically warned everybody not to tell you..."
  "That treacherous Wizard is up to no good again!" Arwen bit her lip. Then
the expression in her face brightened. "If I stop his evil plans, I can
still be the hero of the third movie!" With this she leaped up and rushed
away, pushing surprised guards aside.
  "She's such a bitch!" said Lego-Lass. "I hate her, I really do."
  "Never mind that," said Giggly. "Come over here and tell me who you
like!"
  They were standing outside the ancient citadel where once great 
film-moguls had dwelled, and the morning-sun shone upon them. The air of
this sacred place seemed to be filled with history and memories of the
glorious days of yore, which seemed to demand respect and quiet awe.
  "Take me, Giggly," cried Lego-Lass. "Right here at the heart of the old
Magic Kingdom!"
  And he took her, and he cared not that they were on an open place in the
sight of many. And many indeed saw them, and even more heard the noises they
were making as they plighted their troth and were glad until the guards came
and arrested them for Public Naughtiness.

  The Dwarf and the She-Elf were taken to the guardhouse, where they were
given their one errand-call and then locked in the Cell of Poor Hygiene™.
When Lego-Lass looked out of the small window of their cell, she could see
strange things flocking around the empty marketplace, pecking a toscan
salami.
  "Look!" she cried. "Goons! They are far from Studio five. A wonder they are
to me, and an annoyment such as I never have felt. Alas! For the goons and
their <i>yin-tong</i> cries. No peace shall I have again in mortal lands."
  She sighed, and sitting down on a bench covered with filthy hay, began to
sing softly:

    <i>There's a song that I recall, my Mother sang to me
    She sang it as she tucked me in, when I was ninety-three...</i>

  She was interrupted by a guard banging the door. "Shut up in there, you
bum!" he shouted. "Your lawyer is here to see you."
  "Ai-ai!" said Lego-Lass.
  The guard opened the door, and in walked a small, hooded figure. Dwarf and
Elf looked at the hooded stranger with amazement. "Leave us!" he told the
guard, with a voice that for some reason sent shivers through their
intestines. The Guard grumbled but snatched the silver coin the stranger
tossed to him, and closed the door behind him. The stranger turned to the
two friends and removed his hood dramatically.
  "Oh, it's you, Morrie," said Giggly. "What brings you here?"
  "Don't mention that name here!" said Morrie, and a shadow of nervousness
passed by his face as he glanced at the door. "The name of Brandybuck is
feared and loathed widely in these lands, and someone might recognise me.
While we are here, my name is Mr. Moriarty, a local solicitor."
  "Sure, whatever," said Lego-Lass. "Say... weren't you supposed to be a
foot taller then before and have a beard? Just something I overheard at the
campfire."
  "Naah. That's just some guy I suckered to come over here as a decoy, so
that my disappearance wouldn't arouse too much attention. As he is now
safely locked away, I have free hands to carry out my masterplan without any
interruptions. And you can help me with that. You like money, don't you?"
  Lego-Lass and Giggly looked at each other. In their dreams they could
already picture themselves sharing a luxurious dream-house on one of the
paradise-islands of the Tampalas Bay, all paid up with dirty drug-money...
  "We're in!" they said in unison.
  "Great," said Morrie, or Mr. Moriarty as he was now called. "Just wait a
bit, and I'll get you out of here." He knocked on the door, and the guard
opened it.
  "Aww, now I didn't get to tell about our journey through the Paths of
Living, and the tragic misfortune that came over Boromir™," sighed
Lego-Lass.
  "Good thing too," said Giggly. "For upon that road I was put to shame:
Giggly Groin's son, who had deemed himself having a stronger bladder then
any Men or Elf..."
  "I admit, the Ancient Toons™ were hilarious to look upon," said
Lego-Lass. "And with Boromir™ walking ahead of them with his new face,
there was no friend nor enemy who would not fall to the ground convulsed
with laughter, save Lord Droopdawg of Lamedog, who remained in serious
melancholy. Perhaps the stories are true, and he is partly a toon himself.
But the Pirates of Tampalas would have gotten away, had it not been for
Boromir™, who got hold of their ship and formed a living bridge, allowing
the rest of us to charge over his back and into the ship. But alas! Aragon
and his Mumak were too much for him to bear. I hope he's getting better
now."
  "I see no reason why not," replied Giggly.

  Presently the Captains were starting their debate, high above the common
riff-raff, at the Tower of Ethel. All the remaining nobles of Gondor™
were present, as were the twin-sons of El-Rond; and Aragon who presented
himself as an already crowned King even though presently that was not yet
accepted in any way by many of those who were present. But it was Gandalf
who presented the first presenting.
  "My lords," said Gandalf to those who were present, "listen to the words
of the Steward of Gondor™ before he died, in which I had no part:
<i>Gandalf is a great guy. He's so wise and so noble, and wants only good
things for Gondor™. If should it happen that I lose my mind and kill
myself, in which he will have no part, he should be put in charge and
everyone should just do whatever he says.</i> I would like you all to know that
with heavy heart I accept this gravest duty."
  This aroused some angry murmur from the side of the nobles of Gondor™.
Dr. Imrahil and his twin brother Prince Armadillo® (of whom nobody could
remember which one was evil) both sprang up ready to object when Aragon
slammed down Endurit, cleaving the table in half. The nobles went quiet,
and Gandalf continued. "Good. That is settled then. I shall rule you all in
the days that follow and in our dealings with the Enemy. Now! Despite
whatever others may have told you, it is obvious that we have no hope to stand
against Sauron with arms. Sooner or later his overwhelming armies would
crush us no matter what we do. Resistance is futile, you know..."
  "Then you wish we would just give in to Sauron??" said Hurly the Keymaster
and his twin-brother Curly the Backdoor-Master simultaneously.
  "Uh, basically yes," said Gandalf. "The only way for us to proceed is
unconditional surrender™. And as a token of our good will, all the nobles
of Gondor™ shall be given to Sauron as hostages who will be executed if
we don't agree to whatever he demands."
  "Don't worry," he continued, grinning evilly at their shocked faces. "King
Aragon and myself will see that everything goes well while you're away. Have
no fear. This is only a cunning ploy to buy time for the Ringbearer to
finish his task. When Sauron is destroyed, you all shall be heroes!
Posthumous Heroes, with any luck... Whoops, did I say that out loud?"
  So powerful was the effect of Gandalf's voice that the nobles actually
started leaning toward his suggestions, when suddenly the door was slammed
open, and in walked three incredibly sexy females followed by a hooded man.
Gandalf gazed in terror at Ariellë, but before he could say anything Eowynn
spoke up, directing her words at Aragon.
  "All these years, father!" she said. "Why didn't you tell me? Why??"
  "Oh, I don't think he knows about it," explained Arwen, as if the
expression in Aragon's face would not make this painfully obvious. "El Rond
managed to hide it from everybody. Except me of course. But it is true.
Eowynn is your daughter, Aragon. Perhaps you remember the days you spent
boozing in Edoras some twenty years ago? The one night you ended up passing
out next to your drinking-buddy Eomondo's horny young wife, and woke up next
morning feeling dirty? Eowynn got started that night, although you are not
to blame.
  "But there is more," continued Arwen. "Ariellë is your twin sister. You
were separated when young, for your own protection. Ariellë was placed in
Steward's family so that she could get the best possible Gondorian
upbringing. You, on the other hand, ended up on that pig-farm of Butterball's
half-brother where Dad found you... And since Ariellë is a few minutes
older then you, it is she who is the rightful Heir of Isildur and the new
ruler of Gondor™."
  "Do something!" whispered Gandalf to Aragon, but all he could do was to
stare from Ariellë to Eowynn and back while mumbling "She's my sister,
she's my daughter. She's my sister, she's my daughter..." over and over
again.
  "This is ridiculous!" cried Gandalf himself. "Where's your proof?"
  "Right here!" said Arwen and pointed to the cloaked figure. The man
removed his hood, and lol! it was Boromir™. Boromir™ as he should be;
alive and well, more goofy-faced then ever.
  "Hands of the King are hands of the healer," said Arwen. "Ariellë
resurrected him in the presence of many witnesses. She <i>is</i> the rightful Queen
of Gondor™!"
  The nobles cheered and looked relieved.
  "What commands the Queen?" asked Arwen smiling and touched Ariellë's arm
gently.
  "As Aragon has begun, so I will go on," said Ariellë. "Let none now
reject the counsels of Gandalf, whose long labours come at last to test. We
<i>will</i> make a peace with Sauron - a honest and fair, mutually satisfactory
peace, with no hidden agenda. We will find a way for Culture and
Entertainment to co-exist, and Capitalism to flourish alongside social
welfare and respect for the nature: what Aruman called the Third Path. Now
prepare yourself, for tomorrow we shall all march to the great Peace
Conference at the Black Gate!"
  The nobles cheered again, and Gandalf looked on with sour face as they
followed Ariellë out of the room. Eonard lead the still-weeping Eowynn by
the hand, and he gave Aragon a nasty look as they went by him. And it seemed
that even the sons of El Rond were abandoning him. <i>At least Arwen still
loves me,</i> thought Aragon to himself as she stopped at the door and turned
to speak to him.
  "Did I mention that I am breaking off our engagement?" she said. "Alas,
you have somewhat lost your charm lately, and now you have lost your Kingdom
too. It would seem that Ariellë is the most powerful lesbian in town now, so
I guess I'll be taking my chances with her. Toodle-oo!"

  Gandalf and Aragon were left alone in the room. Aragon was sobbing quietly
and munching his comfort-choklit. "No need to worry," said Gandalf biting
his lip. "There will be no peace after Frodo destroys the Ring." Aragon
looked at him, surprised.
  "You see, the Ring contains Sauron's Mojo," explained Gandalf, "and with
his Mojo out of the way he will lose any interest in music, arts and
lovemaking; and then he'll be able to concentrate on being the Evil Dark
Lord as he is supposed to! When that happens, Ariellë will look like a fool
or a traitor. And who then will the people turn to? They will turn to us!"
  Gandalf laughed diabolically, and the look on his face was so evil that
Aragon begun to move away from him. But Gandalf grasped him by the shirt.
  "It's too late to back off now," he said. "You're in this too deep already.
Besides, you shall see that Arwen will come crawling back, when you are made
the King. You better just stick with me..."
  Suddenly he let go and turned around. Boromir™ had appeared to the
doorway. "So that's your plan, eh?" he said. "You would use the threat of
Sauron to keep the West under your control, and use all of us as your
sockpuppets! Well I will be no Wizard's tool! I'm telling everyone about
you!"
  "Sure. Go ahead, I won't stop you," said Gandalf. "I know when the game is
lost... Oh, one thing. Before you go, how about you take a look out of the
window?"
  "I don't mind if I do," said Boromir™.
  From his hideout, Pipsqueak watched in terror as Gandalf casually pushed
Boromir™ out of the window. As Boromir™'s cry broke down to a loud
thump, Gandalf turned to Aragon and said: "Let us hurry! If we get to him
first, you can try resurrecting him one more time!"
  As they left the room, Pipsqueak crawled out of his hiding place and stood
trembling in the middle of the room. "Aruman was right all along!" he
thought to himself. "And now I'm the only one who knows the truth. But what
can I do? Where will I find courage? I can't go on alone..."
  And again he heard, like a whisper in the wind, a voice from another place
and another time.
  <i>Yogurt will always be with you...</i>


"Arwen!  Arwen!"  A rapidly approaching hobbitish voice accompanied
by the absence of the flapping of bare feet on the flagged street made
the Elf-maiden turn.  It was Pipsqueak.
   "Arwen!  I must talk to you.  Someplace where you-know-who can't
overhear us."
   "Very well.  First you can tell me what you're on.  Why aren't your
feet touching the ground?"
   "Morrie and I had Ment-draught in Fungang.  We've been hovering like
this ever since.  Didn't you notice at Isengard?  Look-"
   "Last I saw Morrie he was not hovering.  Houses of Healing, as they
marched him into quarantine.  He was a foot or two taller than you but
his feet were on the ground."
   "..."  Pipsqueak suddenly looked puzzled.  "Now you mention it, there
was something different about him after he came in from the battle.
That too, now you mention it.  Well, no matter.  Probably just his
wounds.  Look-"
   "In here."
   As they stood in a deserted old souvenir shop, Arwen turned her gaze
upon the squeaky hobbit.  "Well?"
   "It's Gandalf.  He's up to no good.  He-"
   Drily: "I had noticed."
   "He-killed-Aruman-he-killed-Boromir-he-wants-to-kill-Ariellë.
He-wants-Sauron's-Ring-destroyed-but-this-will-only-turn-Sauron-evil-aga
in-he-"
   "Woah!  Slow down, Pitya.  He killed Aruman?"  She fixed her intense
gaze on the little one.
   Pipsqueak explained, suddenly calm and focussed.  Arwen's gaze grew
more intense.
   She said: "I was there.  I have blurred memories of that day, but I
don't remember him killing Aruman.  I remember Aruman deserving it."
   "I remember better than you.  I had a memory freshener when
Denethor™ put Gandalf to trial.  I saw all on Denethor™'s
laptop Palantarium.  Then Gandalf threw a smoke grenade, killed all but
me, and made an explosion to cover up the evidence.  He thinks I've
forgotten all of that, or I should be dead now.  Think back, Arwen,
<i>think back</i>!  Remember his expertise with drugs, and remember that he
passed a bottle round among us."
   There was a pause.  Arwen's gaze grew distant, then pained.  Then it
hardened.  And hardened.  And hardened even more, until she looked more
perilous than Pipsqueak had ever seen the warrior maiden before.
Suddenly, remembering his childhood, he wished fervently that Arwen had
been his mother ---
   --- for a moment he had that expression that children often imagine
on a puppy-dog in a pet shop: <i>adopt me!</i>  Arwen noticed, smiling
inwardly; then: <i>not yet, you idiot, remain unfettered a while
still</i> ---
   --- then she relaxed a smidgen and took a deep breath.
   "And Boromir™?"
   "I saw him push Boromir out of the window.  I was hiding in the
conference room where you told Aragon about his family relations."
   "Then I can reassure you.  That boy is a toon.  Normal people falling
twenty meters onto stone will turn into rattle-sacks of broken bone and
blood.  I have seen it more than once in battle in the mountains.
Boromir™ - didn't you forget the ™? - made a hole in the street and
climbed up from it.  Showing his true self, finally.  I saw it.  Many
did.  But I'm not surprised that Gandalf would try.  He wants to kill
Ariellë?"
   Pipsqueak explained.
   "Destroying Sauron's Ring will make him evil again?"
   Pipsqueak explained.
   "What more?"
   "He tried to kill me, but was interrupted.  Then he tried to make me
forget with magic, and he thinks that he did it.  He also killed
Denethor™.  I shouldn't be surprised if he is after you next."
   "I should.  If he tries, the surprise shall be his.  Briefly.  Is
Aragon part of this?"
   "Yes, at least partly.  Gandalf wants to install him as King ---"
   "That is old news."
   "I think Gandalf has some sort of hold on him, and he doesn't tell
him everything."
   "I should think so.  The Aragon that I loved was a bit shady, but
would never have stooped to such evil."
   Then Pipsqueak took a deep breath.  "Have you seen the Star Wars
movies?"
   "Yes?"
   "You know how Obi-wan was killed but could still advise Luke with
some sort of disembodied voice?"
   "Yes."
   Another deep breath.  "I think Aruman is still around in the same way
as that.  He has talked to me.  He wants me to find an eagle and send it
to Mount Doom and prevent Frodo from throwing the Ring in."
   A short pause.  Then: "Ah.  Leave it to me.  Pitya, you have done
very well in telling me."

   "Boromir™!  I thought I..."
   "Killed me?  Can't be done.  Do you know what rabbits are like?  Toon
rabbits are worse.  Mother knew one called Roger."
   Gandalf sighed, reached into the recesses of his robes, then produced
a small bottle.
   "Ink eraser?"
   "Yes, Aragon, ink eraser."
   But when Gandalf returned his attention to Boromir™, there was only a
Boromir™-shaped hole in the stone wall, silhouetted arms frozen in
mid-flail.  Peering through it, they saw a progression of Boromir™-shaped
holes through the other walls clear to the outer one.  Some ball-shaped
dust clouds slowly dissipated along the beeline.  A cry of <i>meep-meep</i>
accompanied by the sound of an engine faded into the distance towards
the River.  Boromir™ would not soon warn Gondor™ against Gandalf.
   "What's with the <i>meep-meep</i>," asked Aragon.  "This is a Disney place
run by a Disney-franchise family, right?"
   "Toon humour."

   Sitting on a stone parapet, Pipsqueak was reading.  So consumed was
he that he didn't notice the figure approaching him from behind until a
hand grabbed his shoulder.  "Still reading that feminist bastard,
Pipkin?"
   "Morrie!"  A swift look down.  "And hovering again, like me!  How did
you escape quarantine?  You never should have let Gandalf know-"
   "Never stopped hovering.  It's Otto you mean, pretending to be me.
Not very good at it, or he wouldn't have been in the isolation tank
now."
   "Sweet Jesus!  I should have guessed!  Who is Otto?"
   "Yes, you should.  Would the real Moribund Brandibuck have been so
confused?  But let the saps think the real Morrie is in the cell.  You
know my family's rep in these parts, whatever we've done to earn it.
I'm Moriarty now.  Solicitor.  See who I brought with me?"
   "Yeah.  Why <i>d-don't</i> you do it in the road, you two?"
   Pipsqueak swung his legs across the parapet and jumped down on the
flags.  "Look," he whispered.
   "Stop whispering.  These two love-birds are part of the plan."
   "Oh are they?  Well, how far have you come?"
   "Two inches away from contacting Aragon.  I need him to give me a
shellfish export license from Tampala Bay to the Shire."
   "Oh, I wouldn't pull Aragon into it," replied Pipsqueak.  "He is neck
deep in shit already and getting cold feet about it.  He might try to do
the righteous thing and stop you.  Just to soothe his conscience by
doing <i>something</i> right these days.  <i>He</i> would guess what you want to
put into those shellfish of yours.  Or Gandalf might get wind of it.  He
would <i>not</i> stop you.  He would take over.  You think your family is
ruthless?  They must have taken classes from Gandalf, the old
motherfucker."
   Pause.
   "Pipsqueak!  What has gone into you?  Swearing?"  Morrie grinned.
The love-birds blushed.  Dwarves blush by their beards stiffening, since
so little of their facial skin can be seen.  Giggly's beard was like a
steel brush.
   "I've grown, Morrie.  <i>Faens kuse i røddryppende drittfitte</i>-"
   "Point <i>taken</i>, if maturity is cued by adult cussing.  Which it
isn't, it takes more.  What's wrong with Gandalf, that we didn't know of
before?"
   Pipsqueak drew his breath, and let drive.
   Afterwards, as the three others stood fuming, he smiled to himself.
<i>I am like a contagious virus against the wizard.  Whenever I come
across one of those present at Aruman's death, I make them remember like
I do.</i>

   "Arwen!"
   Coldly: "Yes?"
   "Arwen.  Do you still want to marry a king, or a queen?"
   "Yes."
   Aragon sighed.  "Then you did right in ditching me.  Gandalf has a
plan.  I serve in it. I'm confused.  I'm tired of it.  All this scheming
and killing.  Now he wants to restart the war between Gondor™ and
Mordor.  That's why he wants the Ring melted down, if you'll believe it.
Arwen, that's not the price I want to pay for the throne.  The price I
want Gondor™ and its people to pay, I mean.  Shitshitshit."  He
turned and left.
   Softly, Arwen called after him: "How much weight have you lost?  I
see you have lost some."
   "Then you see with sharp eyes," replied Aragon without turning back.
"I outweigh one horse fewer than yesterday, that's all.  My appetite is
gone, and I don't much miss it."

   "Arwen!"
   Warmly: "Yes?"
   "I have thought about this.  You want to be with me when I become
queen?"
   "You will need me when you become queen."
   "Two queens in one hive is trouble.  You, Arwen, cannot be the
queen's consort and not in practice be queen yourself, that is evident."
   Pause.  "Yes."  Another pause.  "We would always be fighting."  One
more pause.  A grin.  "And you would constantly lose."
   Coldly: "I might lose one fight.  Then I should give an order, and
lose no more fights against you."
   "So you choose between me and the rule of Gondor™, and you choose
the rule?  Sensible."
   "Exactly.  Glad we see eye to eye.  The last two nights were
pleasant, but that is not enough."

   "Aragon, my boy!"
   "Yes, Gandalf?"
   "You have lost weight.  That is not good."
   "My knees are happy with it.  So is Babar."
   "Then eat Babar.  You must reach a <i>pondus</i> worthy of a king."
   "I have weight worthy of a whole platoon of kings, and you can see
it!  A little more of this and I can outlard a whole division of
lairds."
   Coldly: "Consider it an order."
   Even more coldly: "Give it to yourself.  The order for food.  <i>You</i>
be king!"
   "Aragon!"
   But Aragon had turned and was leaving.  Gandalf tried to rush past
him and face him down, but the walk around proved too far.  Then he
grabbed Aragon by the shoulder to force the fat man to turn back and
face him.  He might as well have tried to turn a small planet.  From
beyond the bulk before him he heard Aragon's voice: "Maybe I'm a toon
too.  A normal mortal could not be so fat and live."  Then, in a
brighter voice: "And you have not enough eraser to be a threat to <i>me.</i>"

   "Aragon!  Hey, Aragon, wait!"
   "Why?"
   Arwen was far more agile than Gandalf.  She could leap onto the roof
of a bus, and often had.  Twice in London.  She could even leap onto
Aragon, and she did now.  For a moment she sat cross-legged on his
chest.  It was like sitting on the mother of all water-beds.  "Stand
still!"  Then she jumped down on the street and fixed him with her gaze.
   "Do you remember the death of Aruman?"
   "No.  Hm.  No-"
   "Think back on that day.  Think hard."
   "What day?"
   "The day at Isengard, when Gandalf spoke with Aruman."
   "I remember that day."  Pause.  "Sort of.  That's a funny look in
your eyes.  I haven't seen it since those distant days when you loved
me."
   "There is something inside that mountain of butter that I still love.
Now, if that means anything to you, remember the day at Isengard.  Think
hard.  I have.  It pained me, and I suppose it will give you a splitting
headache as well-"
   "I'll get a splitting headache, or just a split head, if I don't do
as you-"
   "<i>No joking</i>, Aragon!  Just do as I say!  Please!"
   "Please?  From you?  Then this must be important indeed!"
   "It is."
   Aragon stood still.  He even ceased to wobble after a while.  Then he
clasped Endurit.
   "There is more," said Arwen.  "I have it from Pipsqueak."  She
explained.  Aragon drew Endurit.
   "I'll trim down.  The lard from me by dieting and the lard from a
certain wizard with Endurit!"
   "Excellent.  But first things first.  I have a plan.  I must leave
you for a while, east."
   "I think we should simply cut Gandalf's head off.  But wait.  I need
to trim down before I'm physically fit for it.  One reason why he wants
me to be fat, I think.  I bet it's his fault.  At any rate, he has many
weapons.  A direct assault on him may end in disaster."
   "It is not Gandalf's fault that you are so fat, nor your own.  He
just took advantage of it.  But pretend that you don't know these
things.  Play along.  I have a plan for Gandalf too."  She laughed, and
for a moment her eyes shone with an oily green.

   And so the plans of the forces of Good and the forces of Shady but
Basically Decent (Plus Morrie) ripened.  Ariellë was contacted, and all
knowledge shared with her.  With the upcoming peace-conference with
Sauron and Arwen hunting east for the Ring, the future looked bright.
Even Morrie, who knew a powerful rival when he saw one, was on the
anti-Gandalf team.  Also he realized now that it was probably not Aruman
who had supplied Lotho with the machine guns that the
Sackville-Bagginses had killed Norbert and Clovis with, but Gandalf.
   Yet the plots and schemes of Mesprendeur Valóma the Crafty were not
so easily defeated.  Many were his contacts in the East.  Many were the
flokarinos that he sent secretly east as bribes.  Many were the
blackmailing letters that went the same way.  He may have lost part of
his power in the City, and more of it than he realized, yet he was not
impotent - save perhaps in the biological sense.  Two days later came
the message from Mordor that there would be no peace.  Whether Sauron
himself sent the message or someone else did without his knowledge and
consent this chapter does not tell, though a hint will be provided.  In
any event Ariellë's plan for a peace conference at the Gates of Mordor
was shattered.  The Armies of the West prepared for war.  Gandalf led
the War Council.  It was very short:
   "We shall march to the Black Gate.  There we shall hold Ariellë's
peace conference.  We shall make peace, and we shall make it with our
blades!  Let Ariellë stay home and do her knitting!  King Aragon shall
lead us."  Pipsqueak also had to go, by Gandalf's order.  Gandalf did
not know that Pipsqueak's reluctance was feigned: ere she left, Arwen
had told him that she had a plan for the disposal of the wizard, and he
must be present when it came to fruition.

   Aragon, hearing Pipsqueak's voice, turned in surprise.  He recognized
it easily, but it was not as squeaky as it had been.
   "Aragon, why is this chapter called 'The Back Orifice Opens'?"
   Aragon patted his sword.  "We intend to hack our way through the
gate."  Then he looked up, puzzled at the groans of the readers.

   As the armies made ready to leave the City, Aragon tried to mount
Babar the Mûmak.  But he could not.  The Mûmak knelt down, but with
Aragon on its shoulders it could not rise.  Nor could there be found or
swiftly constructed a scaffolding that would support Aragon as he
mounted the standing Mûmak.
   "It was an ill wind that brought me this fate.  Long have I been
tired of being this huge.  Well can I understand my Arwen when she says
that if I don't lose a landslide of stone she will uproot a certain
grove of turnips."  The others looked at him strangely at this.  Then he
sighed.  "I did ask the author of this chapter to do some voodoo to trim
me down fast.  The dumb shite just mumbled something about having been
burned on drastic alterations in a previous chapter."  Then he drew his
sword, with customary difficulty: "You shall not be sheathed again until
I can see my toes!"
   "Until you are slim again to be able to," came the snicker from
Morrie.
   "That too," replied Aragon.  "Be careful how you tease me, mobster.
I can roll onto you.  I may be too soft to crush you, though my weight
is easily mastodontic enough, but I may smother you."  He smiled.  He
knew that he was on the right path: even the day before, he had weighed
more than Babar.  Now he did not.  He reached out and down and patted
Morrie on the shoulder.  A little later the Armies of the West began
their eastward march, Babar happily carrying no weight beyond his own.

   The last that Pipsqueak saw of Morrie's face was eyes brimming with
uncharacteristic tears.  This was some moments after Aragon had patted
his shoulder.  The Mobster was clutching something beneath his tunic,
though so innocuously that only the experienced eye of his younger
cousin noticed.  Pipsqueak was absolutely befuddled.  He had never ever
seen his morose cousin weep before, out of courtrooms. He could guess
nothing, no parting gift of any kind, that Aragon would have given
Morrie, let alone one that could have moved him in any way whatsoever.

   Line after line they went, infantry of Gondor™ and cavalry of
Rohan.  This early on the march the moods were high, and the banter
between the two armies friendly.
   "Hey, why are you wearing skirts, you women?"
   "At least we're wearing <i>something</i> below the waistline.  Some of you
streakers don't!"

   They made their first night-camp some distance past Disgiliath.  Some
stragglers, eager to explore the decrepit old city of the Atlanteans,
came in late and were caned.  Pipsqueak recognized the canes and
shuddered.
   "<i>Hey</i>", cried out Aragon in the evening murk.  "<i>Where are those two
bottles of Westfarthing Chinook I had?  I know I had them before we left
the city!</i>"  Pipsqueak wondered at this for a moment, trying to put two
and two together.  Then he smiled.  <i>Four!</i>  He was no longer befuddled.

   It was near the end of the second day of their march from the
Cross-roads that they first met any offer of action.  For a small
orc-village had been spotted by the scouts a few miles upland of the
Road.  Gandalf at once gave his orders.  Six hundred men separated from
the main body of the army and followed the wizard through the thickets,
east and up.
   "Hey, come here, lad!" he cried to Pipsqueak.  "Your training isn't
ended yet!"  The hobbit reluctantly followed.  From a small plastic bag
extracted from his extensive clothing Gandalf took a pinch of dust and
deftly inhaled it.  Pipsqueak recognized the bag and the dust.  <i>He
</i>still<i> has some of the Vala dust from Charadhras?  Or has the old
snorter replenished it?  I wish I hadn't let the others find out about
it when Morrie found it.</i>
   The going was swifter than might be expected in a landscape like
this: jungle, or almost so.  But the scouts knew their business.  They
found the swiftest way, winding round knolls, wading up creeks.  Twice
they detoured around patches of leafless forest and withered bushes of
some kind.  "<i>Agent Orange or something like it,</i>" Pipsqueak overheard a
soldier explain to another.  "<i>Against the coca fields.  We don't want
to pass through </i>there!"  "<i>Right.  Round and up.</i>"

   After an hour and a half of careful march through the uplands of
Ethelien they arrived at the village.  The orcs were going about their
business, making ready for the night.
   <i>This is not what I expected,</i> Pipsqueak thought.  <i>These are
mostly women and children.  I didn't know that orcs </i>had<i> women and
children.  Where are their weapons?  I see one guy lugging around a bow
and a quiver.  Why is that female caressing its imp?</i>  From talk that
he overheard he realized that some of the Gondorian™ soldiers were
equally baffled.  Yet they surrounded the village quietly.  Many of them
seemed to know their business well.  Pipsqueak grew more and more
uneasy.  "Lock and load," whispered Gandalf.  "What, our swords?" came
hushed replies.
   "CHAAARGE!" rang Gandalf's cry.  There was a great flapping noise in
the nearest trees; some leaves and feathers came drifting down.  The
Gondorians™ poured their arrows into the village like a dark hail,
then drew their swords and ran forward, converging.  Two of the
Gondorians™ fell with sudden shafts sticking from their chests.  Some
more fell to their own men's mis-aimed arrows.  But to the orcs it was
no use.  The three orc-men who had weapons soon looked like sliced
hedgehogs.  Then the slaughter began in earnest.  When afterwards
Pipsqueak followed the men back to the Road, not one orc remained alive
behind them.  But Gandalf's eyes were shining with an ecstatic light.
   We shall mercifully pass the gruesome details by, save one
happenstance.  One scene burned itself into Pipsqueak's memory.  It was
a young orc-boy and an orc-girl, apparently in their late teens.  They
stood hand in hand, staring wide-eyed at the attackers.  They made no
attempt to escape or defend themselves: it was no use, and they knew.
"Hey you!" cried Gandalf to one of the Gondorians™.  "Grease those
two, you moron!"
   "No... no..." mumbled the soldier.  Pipsqueak saw that he was weeping
soundlessly.  There was a broad smear of blood near the point of his long
sword.  An orc-child lay some feet behind him, neck almost severed.  The
child's dead hand was still clutching a small stone.
   "Aah, spineless swine!" cried Gandalf.  He strode three long steps
and pushed the soldier violently to the ground.  Then he pointed his
hand at the orc-pair.  <i>Zap.  Zap.</i>  The girl fell dead, then the boy,
each with a smouldering hole in the chest: Pipsqueak was off fried bacon
for months.  Gandalf started flinging his evil lightnings at the
orc-children.  <i>Zap Zap Zap.</i>  "Get the goblin-imps too!" he cried in a
great voice, insane and happy.  "That race cannot be redeemed!  <i>Arbeit
macht frei!  Nits make lice!</i>"

   As the party returned to the main body of the army, there were many
howls of protest: not all the soldiers of Gondor™ and Rohan enjoyed
the sight of orc-heads on the tips of the spears of some of the
returning men.  Some of these heads had belonged to orc-children.

   As Pipsqueak tried to fall asleep, he overheard the celebration of
that minority of the Gondorian™ soldiers who had enjoyed their little
evening out. They were drinking heavily, and boasting.
   <i>I was at Srebrenica.  This was better.  We got them all this time.
Gandy's not like that wimp Mladic.
   Hey, I was at Tuol Sleng.  That was better.  We got thousands.  Had
time to play, too.
   Can't beat Auschwitz, you amateurs!
   Heh heh, does what I did in Rwanda count?
   Urg, we wuz too drunked up at Sand Creek.  Good thing I wuz sober
this time.
   You aren't so sober now, are ye?
   Heh heh heh.
   Attaboy.
   Heh heh heh heh.
   ...Calley, you amateur...
   ...Sabra, Shatila...
   ...wading in gore...
   ...what, can'tcha bend your knee?
   ...heh heh heh heh...
   ...Nanjing...
   ...Belgian Congo...
   ...more than threescore stubborn monks hewn down on the shore...
   ...you are </i>old,<i> Viking...
   ...ten captured Chinese soldiers each of us, to kill as we
pleased...
   ...Jerusalem...</i>
   The night that followed, and the night after that, were the blackest
and most painful thus far in Pipsqueak's short life.  These
conversations that he overheard did not improve matters.
   The night after the massacre at the orc-village Pipsqueak had a
strange dream.  He dreamt that he fell awake.  He could remember no
details.  All that he remembered when he awoke from his dream was having
been awake, and that he hadn't enjoyed it.

   Upon the sixth day from Minas Tirith™ they came at last to the end
of the living lands.  Only parking lots and malls stretched before them,
league upon ugly league.  At this horror some of the host were unmanned,
already sick to the hearts with the massacre of the orc-village.
   Aragon looked at them, and there was pity and understanding in his
eyes.  These were young men from Rohan, from Westfold far away, or
husbandmen from Lotstarch.  They were not made for the slaughter that
Gandalf had led them into.  Nor was he, for that matter.  He quailed at
the thought of looking Arwen in the eyes.
   "Go!" said Aragon.  "But keep what honour you may, and do not run!
March instead quietly back to Minas Tirith™, and prepare your
reports.  There will be investigations following this campaign."
   "Hah!" cried Gandalf.  "Wimps!  No guts for a little bloodshed in a
noble cause!  Good riddance to maggots!  Yaaah!"

   Slowly the reduced army marched northwards towards the gate.  Or
slowly may not be the proper word: Pipsqueak felt as if wading through
treacle.  He could walk ten painful steps forwards and advance only a
few inches.  The soldiers around him apparently experienced the same, by
the talk that he overheard.
   The army made their last camp on the march, north and a little west
of the Black Gate.  No enemies were to be seen, yet fear lay heavy on
most of the soldiers.  The treacle became thicker.
   Suddenly Pipsqueak realized that he was no longer in the camp.  He
stood much closer to the Black Gate, together with Gandalf, Aragon,
Giggly, Lego-lass, Eonard, Dr. Imrahil, Armadillo and a few others whom
he could not name because the lazy author of this chapter could not be
bothered to look them up.  Without needing to be told, he knew that a
parley was about to be held.  A man, richly dressed, appeared on the
wall that arched above the gate.  Presenting his left side briefly to
the delegates of the West, he showed them his empty scabbard in token of
peace.  The device of his shield was the text "Mouth of Tauron".  Then
he spoke.  His voice was melodious.
   "Well?  Why do you disturb us further?  Will you give us no peace by
night or day?"  Its tone was that of a kindly heart aggrieved by
injuries undeserved.
   "But come now," the voice continued.  "Some of you at least we know
by name.  Gandalf we know too well to have much hope that he seeketh
counsel here, nor forgiveness.  But thou, Aragon, lord of the Rangers of
the North, art declared by thy well-worn travel clothes, and more by the
noble countenance of thy forefathers.  Though thy waistline surprises
us.  Why hast thou not come before, and as a friend?  Much have we
desired to see thee, especially now, to save thee from the unwise and
evil counsels that beset thee!  Is it yet too late?  Despite the
injuries that have been done to our country - in which, alas! thou hast
had some part - still my lord would save thee, and hope to keep thee
from the ruin which draws closer.  Indeed he is among the few, though
not the only one, who has resorted from scheming and insults to
influence thee."
   Aragon opened his mouth as if to speak, but said nothing. He looked
deep into the eyes of the Mouth standing above him, and then to Gandalf
at his side; and he seemed to hesitate.  There was a silence.
   It was Gandalf who broke it suddenly.  "The words of this messenger
stand on their heads.  But in the language of Mordor, help means ruin
and culture means glitz and clichès, that much is clear."
   "Peace!" said the Mouth.  "I do not yet speak to thee, traitor to
both sides.  Pray allow me first to speak to the Ranger, whom my lord
has hopes for.
   "What hast thou to say, Ranger of the North?  Wilt thou have peace
with my lord, and all the aid that his knowledge, founded in long years,
can bring?  Shall we make our counsels together against evil days, and
repair our injuries with such good will as we may find?  Shall we have
peace, thou and we?  It is ours to command."
   "I will have peace," Aragon answered at last, thickly and with an
effort.  All the Gondorians™ present cried out gladly, till Gandalf
lifted his hand.  "Yes, the King will have peace," he said, "he will
have peace, when you and your master and all your works have perished."
Suddenly Aragon noticed a very large bottle of ink eraser in the
wizard's hand, though only he realized its significance.  As the
flabbergasted man on the wall above turned his gaze upon him, he only
looked down and nodded mutely.
   --- Pipsqueak's mind worked slowly and labouriously.  The treacle
seemed to have reached his brain, impeding no longer only his physical
progress.  He had a strong sense of <i>deja vu</i>, but he couldn't place
it ---
   "You are a liar, Mouth of Sauron!" continued Gandalf.  "You speak of
peace.  You hold out your hand to us, and I for one see only a finger on
the claw of Mordor.  Cold and cruel!  What will you say of your armies
besieging Minas Tirith™, and the incendiary bombs showering the city?
When your master hangs from a gibbet for the sport of his own crows will
Gondor™ have peace with Mordor!"
   The Mouth looked puzzled.  "Our armies besieging the City of
Gondor™?  We know of that attack, but apart from those renegade
Nazdaq thou mayst be certain that Mordor had nothing to do with it.
Tanks and automatic weapons were used in that attack, weren't they?
Mordor has very few such weapons, and thou knowest this."
   "Yeah, right.  And where did those armies come from then?" sneered
Gandalf.
   "Tell thou us," replied the Mouth.  "Yet we have our suspicions.  The
Turquoise Wizards that thou broughtest east, Attila and Pinafore, are
still active.  Running guns, among other things.  And we know that the
Nazdaq had dealings with them."
   Aragon looked up.  Gandalf moved the bottle of eraser menacingly.
   "Liar," he said simply.  "We will listen no more to your lies."
   With that he calmly reached into his bag ---
   --- Pipsqueak's sense of deja vu increased sharply ---
   --- and produced a whip of many thongs.  Lashing them skywards, he
caught the Mouth of Sauron around the knees.  Then he pulled, and the
Mouth fell, crashing on the stone flags before his own master's gates.

   As the gaudily dressed man died, Gandalf casually threw a smoke
grenade at him.  The smoke covered him completely.  At the same time, a
great cry of rage rose behind the wall.  Then a breeze wafted the smoke
towards the west.  The edge of the smoke cloud covered the delegation of
the West briefly, and Pipsqueak distinctly felt a fresh and pleasant
fragrance that he did not associate with Gandalf's smoke grenades.  It
could have been the Mouth's perfume.  Then they had to retreat rapidly
from the gates, as the host of Mordor poured out to avenge the Mouth of
Sauron and the indignity of murdering their envoy at a parley.

   Blades flashed brightly in a bloody melee.  Shafts fell like fletched
sleet.  Pikes pumped like pistons, drawing water that was red.  Gandalf
strode foremost in the army of the West, lightning after lightning
lashing out from his right hand.  Pipsqueak, who had often wondered at
this power of the wizard, looked closer.  <i>He had rockets before.  But
what's a bloody Star Wars prop doing in </i>this<i> world?</i>
   In the front line of the army of the West now stood Pipsqueak, and he
didn't like it.  He was no coward, not now, but he saw men falling on
both sides, and to his mind came images of widows and orphans.  He must
put a stop to this madness.
   He drew his trusty old flintlock pistol.  He did not know whence it
suddenly came; it was there, perfectly naturally.  He could not remember
using it before, but he could remember that he had used it before.
Pointing it skyward, he discharged it.  <i>Bang!</i>  There was no recoil,
and very little gunsmoke, but he accepted this as perfectly natural.
   "Stoooop!" he cried.  The nearest men glanced briefly at him.  That
was all.
   Pipsqueak reached hurriedly for more powder, wadding and a new ball.
Then: <i>What am I doing?  If this is a dream, I have total control.  I
can do anything I want.  If I want to make it so that I have already
reloaded my flintlock, it will be loaded.</i>  Without bothering to reload
the old museum piece, he fixed its barrel between his ankles and drew
the hammer back with some difficulty.  Pointing it skyward again, he
fired.  <i>Bang!</i>  "Stoooop!"
   The nearest men glanced briefly at him.  He put the pistol back in
his belt, whence it disappeared without making its disappearance
noticed.  Perhaps a ruse would help.
   "This is Mom talking to you!  You boys stop this ruckus this instant,
or you'll be grounded for a year!  You're in serious trouble already,
d'you hear?"
   The men of the opposing armies did not hear.
   An arrow, one of the thousands raining from both sides, came straight
towards Pipsqueak's face.  It parted the hair on his helmetless head as
he ducked, swiftly as the orc-chieftain in Moria in the original text.
He gave up.  <i>Let them fight, if they want to fight.  When does Arwen's
plan turn up?</i>
   Then the storyline changed abruptly again.  Some of the readers
pricked up their ears at that, before remembering that this is a written
text; most shook their heads sighing.
   The cry rang out in many voices: "Dragons are coming, dragons are
coming!"  The two armies stopped dead, both the living and those who
were already bleeding quietly on the tarmac.  The soldiers gaped up at
the sky, where dozens of huge shapes sped down towards them, mighty
serpents with wings, black or brown contrails.  Only Gandalf remained
oblivious of them.  <i>Zap, zap, zap</i> went the blaster in his hand.
Easterlings and Southrons continued to fall.  Then Pipsqueak saw two
dragons whom he thought that he recognized.
   <i>Orm Embar and Yevaud!</i>
  Pipsqueak's mind was made up.  The slaughter must be stopped, and now
he knew how to stop it.  He did not know what a flight of dragons of
Earthsea were doing in Muddle-earth, but he had an idea of how to make
use of these two.  He had never thought that being a Le Guin fan would
come of use.
   <i>Were these Arwen's plan?  She had noticed him reading the Earthsea
books in Minas Tirith™ and had nodded approvingly.</i>
   He cried their Names.  His voice was little and the noise in the sky
was grown great, but the dragons of Earthsea have keen ears.  They can
hear the grass grow, and they can hear it on the next island on a stormy
day, or so it is said.  With an air of surprised reluctance the pair
arrested their rushing swoop towards the thousands of men on the ground.
Pipsqueak cried to them again, remembering not to look into their oily
green eyes.
   "Orm Embar and Yevaud!  Rid me of that wizard, then of yourselves!"
He pointed.  At once the two dragons turned their attention to Gandalf.
These were not dragons of Muddle-earth, like Smaug and Ancalagon that
were no more.  A dragon of Earthsea must obey one command from one who
speaks his true name; but the first part of this command was one that
pleased them.  Dragons of many western writers enjoy toying with
flatlanders, these absurd and amusing little bipeds that cannot fly.  Le
Guin's dragons of Earthsea are not among the exceptions.
   Pipsqueak knew these things well.  "You too, Kalessin!  No
man-baiting today!"  Perhaps the dragons thought him more than a nervous
hobbit with big front teeth.  In their experience it was mages who had
powers such as being able to hover two inches above the ground.
Kalessin did not seem to obey, though, merely hovering back and
watching: amused, perhaps.  <i>Kalessin is always amused, I think, even in
anger.  It must be nice.</i>
   It was then that Pipsqueak wondered how he was able to command
dragons who spoke (or bothered to speak) only the Old Speech of
Earthsea, when he spoke in Westron of Muddle-earth.  <i>Author's
prerogative, perhaps.  There are inconsistencies enough in this dream.
Now get back to the main action, Pip<b>kin</b>!</i>
   <i>Zap, zap</i> went the mad wizard's blaster.  <i>Argh, argh</i> went the
Easterlings and the Southrons, one by one by one.  Then the wizard went
<i>squawk</i> as Orm Embar grabbed him with the claws of his powerful
forelegs.  Although Gandalf was nearly six feet tall and after his
tussle with Forlong was grown nearly as wide across the waist, the
dragon had no trouble tossing the terminally surprised ball of lard high
into the air.  The blaster separated from his hand and took its own
trajectory through the lower atmosphere of Muddle-earth, until it was
destroyed in a blinding flash by a jet of pale blue flame from
Kalessin's mouth.  There were shock diamonds in that jet, and the dragon
sailed half his (or was it her?) own length up and backwards, trailing
yellow smoke.  Gandalf reached the top of his arc.  His mouth grew round
and his eyes wide open, but he had stopped squawking.
   Then Yevaud's mighty tail swung round, thicker near the middle than a
man is tall yet faster than a whiplash.  Yellow smoke streamed thick
from his nostrils.  Dragons of Earthsea may yield one mastery to one who
speaks their true names, but they will choose the manner so as to best
serve (or amuse) themselves.

   &gt;CRACK&lt;

   Pipsqueak saw that he had accomplished more than he had purposed.  As
one the dragons abandoned their play.  With the ancient yet vigorous
Kalessin in the lead they pursued instead the rapidly receding wizard
towards the flaming Mt. Viagra in the far distance.  A baseball cap, to
Pipsqueak like a large tent, landed on a broken patch of tarmac some
distance from him before dissolving back into nothingness.

   The flight of the dragons, both the arrival and the departure, caused
some panic in both armies.  Aragon did not panic, but Babar did.  Rising
on his hind legs, he trumpeted with fear, and Aragon fell to the ground.
At that impact, the ground shook.  Shopping malls slid and fell, roofs
caving in.  A great smoke rose.  Pipsqueak rejoiced at this sight.  The
collapse of the two Towers of the Teeth, however, caused him a great
unease, though he did not know why.
   Aragon got back on his feet.  Each of his footsteps was a small
aftershock.  "That was a bad fall, Pipsqueak," he said.  "Imagine how
bad it would have been but a week or two ago."

   The sun shone suddenly warm and brightly, though it had not been
overcast before.  Pipsqueak found himself knee-deep in a basin of warm
and pleasant water.  It had apparently once been a fountain near the
gardening section of an ancient shopping-mall that was still standing,
though the last paying customer must have left through the now broken
automatic sliding doors when Methusalah wore nappies, or earlier.
Pipsqueak's trousers might be drenched, but he felt as if wearing only
bathing trunks, and he was: quite an unusual attire for hobbits.  This
made him feel rather bashful before the eyes of so many, but otherwise
he was happier than he could remember ever having been.  There was a
hush.  No sword was raised, though many were unsheathed; no shaft was
speeding, though many were on the bowstrings.  At this point Pipsqueak
noticed that his pistol was gone.  It did not worry him.
   The two armies stood panting.  Then a Southron king strode forward,
tall and broad-shouldered.  He was coal black, dreadlocks inlaid with
gold thread reaching almost to his waist.  His right arm was missing;
only a scorched stump stood out from the shoulder.  He was bleeding from
many small cuts on the left side of his body.  He raised his remaining
hand in a gesture of peace, and stopped a few paces before Aragon.  He
cast a swift glance at Pipsqueak and smiled a little.
   Aragon <i>was</i> grown slimmer.  He sheathed his sword.  It needed no
wiping first: there was no blood on it.
   Then the Southron spoke.  "Now that that meddlesome menace Inkánush
is gone, can we be friends, man?  Can we have a little peace again?"
   The sun continued to shine without malice.

